The staff is n't the friendliest or most competent , and I am stickler for service , but everything else about this place makes up for it . 
Great for groups , great for a date , great for early brunch or a nightcap . 
I like Cafe Noir dont get me wrong , it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent ! ! 
The service was terrible , we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served . 
The waitress , seems to be more concerned of looking good than actually waitressing . 
The whole set up is truly unprofessional and I wish Cafe Noir would get some good staff , because despite the current one this is a great place . 
night without a reservation , we had to wait at the bar for a little while , but the manager was so nice and made our wait a great experience . 
Busy . Crow ded . 
Would n't have it any other way ... made great recommendations and gave out group the full treatment . 
Food was average but tasty . 
Dessert - ca n't be missed , so save room ! ! ! 
The bartender on my most recent visit was so incredibly rude that I will never go back . 
The only friendly staff member was the guy at the bar . 
My turkey burger was not cooked at all , my friends salmon was completely raw . 
ALWAYS full with tourists ( especially because of it 's close proximity to Rockefeller Cente r ) . 
Ive been here a bunch of times now and the service is always outstanding . 
The food is above average for midtown and sligtly better than some of the other Heartland Breweries in the city . 
This place is worth going even if only for their beer . 
The seasonal beers are fabulous ! ! Try the pumpkin ale in the fall ... it 's my favorite . 
Heartland Brewery is by far one of the best places in NYC to make new friends and catch up with old ones . 
No dress codes , no attitudes , plenty of comfort companionship , a great place to relax in an always busy Midtown . 
So much more than the usual bar food , go there to enjoy the menu while sampling one of their hand-crafted beers . 
Not the typical NYC gimmick theme restaurant . 
A cool bar with great food , and tons of excellent beer . 
And even with it 's Pub atmosphere they were great to my kids too ! 
( Always ask the bartender for the SEASONAL beer ! ! ! 
It is one the nicest outdoor restaurants I have ever seen in NY--I am from Italy and this place rivals the ones in my country . 
I have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at La Lanterna . 
Try the chocolate mud cake ( warmed ) with 2 scoops of dulce de leche gelato . 
The wine list is also really nice . 
Ballato 's is consistently delicious authentic italian food . 
some of the best i have had in the city . the ambience is cozy and secluded with wonderful art on the walls . 
i love the pics of andy warhol when he used to frequent the place ( he painted the ballato 's sign in the window ) . 
Emilio , the owner , is often sitting in the front table greeting guests as they come and go . 
I have n't eat a lamb chop as delicious as that,the salads are really nice dressed with lemon and extra virgnin olive oil . 
If anyones has doubt of not knowing enough about wines ,please check their wine list . 
If you go , try the marinara sauce , the mozzarella en Carozza is mmmmmmmm . .... everything is just delicious . 
The food there are sastifying . 
Seating is ok even though sometimes there 's alot of people . 
The noodle and rices dishes taste great . 
If you want some roast duck , pork or chicken on rice with ginger , try them out ! 
The service is ok but could be better . 
The food is prepared quickly and efficiently . 
The takeout is great too since they give high quality tupperware as well . 
This place is always very crowded and popular . 
The food here does a great service to the name ( Cantonese that is .. . ) . 
I fell in love with the egg noodles in the beef broth with shrimp dumplings and slices of BBQ roast pork . 
Try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call Ow Ley Soh , a delicious and sweet tasting bread . 
This place has the best Chinese style BBQ ribs in the city . 
I also recommend the rice dishes or the different varieties of congee ( rice porridge ) . 
It 's definately not a place to go if you want to impress someone . 
Quick and friendly service . 
This is one of the best comfort food places in the city . 
The food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates . 
We ended our great experience by having Gulab Jamun ( dessert ) recommended by the waiter . 
We could n't carry our conversation as we were routinely interrupted by waitress and servants asking us to order and hinting that we 're taking too much time -- amazing , we just sat down . 
In terms of the food itself -- nothing special , we limited ourselves to several appetizers . 
Yet paired with such rude service , would never recommend for anyone interested in carrying any kind of conversation while there . 
To sum it up : Service varies from good to mediorce , depending on which waiter you get ; generally it is just average Ok . Seating is always prompt , though the restaurant does fill up in the evening . 
Food is usually very good , though ocasionally I wondered about freshmess of raw vegatables in side orders . 
As many other reviewers noticed , your order is often slow to arrive - this is particularly true in the evening but is not a problem during lunch time . 
The decor is vibrant and eye-pleasing with several semi-private boths on the right side of the dining hall , which are great for a date . 
Service was prompt , friendly and great . 
I like the somosas , chai , and the chole , but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing . 
The service varys from day to day - sometimes they 're very nice , and sometimes not . 
The kitchen however , is almost always slow . 
Also , specify if you like your food spicy - its rather bland if you do n't . 
The ambience is pretty and nice for conversation , so a casual lunch here would probably be best . 
Oh yes , and they lie on the phone , claiming they have seating in the garden , then of course the seats are not available . 
If the weather is nice , try to snag an outside table . 
Odd for Ave B , not just odd , The place attracts an eclectic crowd to say the least . 
Aside from the bearded , courdoroy blazer professor type with the NYU student he 's sleeping with that week , you see a strange mix of hipsters , frat boys , Will Smith types who need to be told they are black , bitter cougars who cant understand why they arent married yet .... 
Though you will undoubtedly be seated at a table with what seems like barely enough room ( no matter what the size of your party ) , the warm atomosphere is worth the cramped quarters - you 'll have fun and forgot about the tight spot you 're in . 
The waitstaff are all very busy , it 's not outstanding service , but I 've never been dealt with rudely . 
Of course the reason its so packed is because the food is so delicious ! 
I 've had oysters , lamb , steak , and duck- all were well-prepared and tender . 
The specials are usually quite good too . 
Great romantic place for a date ( try to get the corner booth table for a little privacy and to sit close ! ) . 
Obv caviar is top of the line but the rest of the menu is so diverse it gives you a chance to taste so manydifferent varietys . 
The tastes makes your mouth water for more . 
Waitstaff is great , very attentive . 
Wine list is not huge but def well selected . 
We had champagne and caviar and felt like princesses ! 
Great people watching as others do the same to you . 
The place was quiet and delightful . 
I did not try the caviar but I tried their salmon and crab salad ( they are all good ) It is definitely a good spot for snacks and chat . 
I recommend the jelly fish , drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings , certainly the stir fry blue crab . 
Of course , it is crowded but who cares . 
Authentic Shanghai style and I cannot recommend a better Shanghai place in New York . 
Was reading other reviews and thought -- if all you order is chow fun then of course it 's greasy and awful ( and not even Shanghainese ) ... agreed , the ambience is lacking . 
But the traditional items -- yellow eel , eggplant , mock chicken , fried juicy buns , etc . ( which most tourists do n't order ) -- are prepared with traditional flavor , harboring a semi-sweet , juicy taste . 
And the soup bombs here , lovingly called Pork Dumplings with Soup ( ha ! ) are an experiance . 
Wonton dough filled with gently steamed and seasoned pork are common but add this amazing soup to the wonton , seal it and serve it steaming hot and the dumpling becomes new again ...this place is amazing for those dumplings alone but try the wine chicken and the scallion pancakes as well . 
My chow fun and chow see was really bland and oily . 
Okay-i do n't mind the oily part ( cause most are cooked that way ) but it was way too bland . 
The scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary . 
The filet mignon dish was superb ! 
It 's a small cute restaurant . 
Raga 's is a romantic , cozy restaurant . 
The exotic food is beautifully presented and is a delight in delicious combinations . 
The staff is incredibly helpful and attentive . 
The bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines . 
These innovators of french indian fusion do a great job of making dishes as interesting as possible while still being accessible . 
Pair you food with the excellent beers on tap or their well priced wine list . 
We had a party in their private room and they made it truly memorable and were very helpful in the planning . 
Raga stands out with an interesting fusion of French and Indian cooking . 
We were well attended to by the enthusiastic staff especially the manager Tony Gaskin who made excellent suggestions for our menu selections . 
From beginning appetizers , the scallops were incredible , to the delicious chocolate souffle with rasberry mint sor bet , we were delighted by the taste sensations . 
I am not sure if I would call the food here Indian as it is a fusion of what seems to be French with an Indian or exotic touch . 
Recommended : appetizer calamari , beautifully deep-fried , but served with 2 awful sauces--ask for an alternative sauce . 
Best dish is nori-wrapped tuna . 
They did not have mayo nnaise , forgot our toast , left out ingredients ( ie cheese in an omelet ) , below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it . 
And at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water . 
My friend ordered some of their special sushi rolls which had excellent presentation and tasted great ! 
The sushi is also great ! 
The banana tower is an amazing dessert as well . 
Friendly and informative staff , very attentive and prompt raw bar service . 
I did n't take a look at the rest menu , but the oysters were fantastic . 
The atmosphere is great if your looking for a laid back scene and an inexpensive way to spend a weekend afternoon . 
Whem asked , we had to ask more detailed questions so that we knew what the specials were . 
The best part of the experience was knowing that the manager ( a bubbly , friendly young woman with a great smile ) truly cared about how we were doing . 
The soup for the udon was soy sauce and water . 
The sushi was awful ! 
The rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard . 
Furthermore , the rice had no seasoning , so the sushi was bland and disgusting . 
The fish was adequate , but inexpertly sliced . 
The service is awful . 
Great sushi experience . 
Unique apppetizers . 
Try sushimi cucumber roll . 
Their Margarita is best I 've had since I 've returned from Naples ! 
The tomatoes , the crust , the mozzarella--everything is perfect ! 
I came here with a friend and we both had really delicious pastas ... mine was pesto linguini with shrimp and hers linguini with a pomodoro sauce and lobster ... both were really great , but came out a little warm ( not hot ) . 
Nice restaurant overall , with classic upscale Italian decor . 
After the main course came , we did n't see our waiter for at least 40 MINUTES ! 
( food was delivered by a busboy , not waiter ) We got no cheese offered for the pasta , our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal , when we would have easily spent another $ 20 on wine . 
We could not catch our waiter 's eye , and he ignored us . 
i know we 're talking about italian here ... but such remark depicts the worldly somelier of LPF , who is a true gourmand savvy not only in wine but in the basics of good eat . 
LPF 's simply delicious and fantasically authentic neopolitan style pizza is excellente ...my usual 1st course that can easily turn into the 2nd and 3rd . 
word of advice , save room for pasta dishes and never leave until you 've had the tiramisu . 
My fish was delicious in an incredible curry sauce . 
Everything at Sala Thai is tasty and well-portioned . 
The calamari comes with an incredible sauce , and the duck noodles are yummy as well . 
Everything I had was good , and I 'm a eater . 
the pad se ew chicken was del icious , however the pad thai was far too oily . 
I asked the chef what he recommends and he asked me if I like Uni . ( For those of you who do n't know , Uni is Sea Urchin in Japanese , which happens to be my favorite . ) He served me an Uni Hand roll , which I never had before , and let me tell you ...IT WAS HEAVEN ! 
Aside from the Sea Urchin , the chef recommended an assortment of fish including Fatty Yellow Tail , Boton Shrimp , Blue Fin Torro ( Fatty Tuna ) , Sea Eel , etc . 
The sake menu should not be overlooked ! 
Try the lobster teriyaki and the rose special roll . 
The service , however , was a bright flower in a garden . 
I tend to judge a sushi restaurant by its sea urchin , which was heavenly at sushi rose . 
It melted in my little mouth and the perfect consistency-not too fishy , crea my , and slightly buttery . 
The sushi seemed pretty fresh and was adequately proportioned . 
The rice to fish ration was also good--they did n't try to overpack the rice . 
They kindly brought us more to see if it was better , but it was not ! 
The miso soup lacked flavor and the fish was unfortunately not as well prepared as in the past . 
I 've waited over one hour for food . 
They were very abrupt with me when I called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice . 
Their pad penang is delicious and everything else is fantastic . 
Toons has recently been redone , so it 's now a very attractive space . 
The food 's as good as ever . 
For authentic Thai food , look no further than Toons . 
Try the Pad Thai , or sample anything on the appetizer menu...they 're all delicious . 
They sit and read about the exploits of a VT pizza : its deliciousness ; its flaky , tender crust ; the perfection of the tomato sauce and cheese combinations ; the supreme pepperoni . 
Yeah , sometimes the service can be slow . 
Pizza - the only pizza in NYC that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best , freshly baked bread ! 
Veal Parmigana - Better than Patsy 's ! 
This is one great place to eat pizza more out but not a good place for take-out pizza . 
Because of the delicate thin crust , take-out pies get soggy in their boxes . 
Try their plain pizza with fresh garlic or eggp lant . 
Their eggplant is so delicate , sweet tender ! 
Also , top the meal with a delicious and perfect slice of tiramisu . 
Waiters are slow but sweet . 
Fresh ingredients and everything is made to order . 
Friendly staff that actually lets you enjoy your meal and the company you 're with . 
Do n't expect over-the-top service - this is a small place w a small staff , but they were friendly very accommodating , when they could be found . 
The bruscetta is a bit soggy , but the salads were fresh , included a nice mix of greens ( not iceberg ) all dishes are served piping hot from the kitchen . 
The chicken parm was edible but had canned tomato sauce and boxed pasta and the chicken with portobello mushrooms consisted of dry , inedible chicken with terrible sauce . 
After complaining about the chicken dish , the manager came over to tell us that , no one had ever complained before , and that we just did n't know what the dish was supposed to taste like . 
I 've never been treated so rudely . 
The sandwhiches are out-of-this world ! 
The waitresses are nice--also you can just get counter service sit . 
There is a real gallery of stars that have visited . 
While there are plenty of places to go for a good corned beef sandwich , Katz 's has a charm about it . 
It can be a little confusing as to where one goes to order , but once the food is ordered , you are in for a treat . 
The corned beef was tender and melted in my mouth . 
The pickles were great addition. 
I would have gotten some cole slaw and a knish if my stomach had more space . 
Pastrami or corned beef are juicy and piled high ( ask for extra rye bread ) . 
The servers give you some sample slices of your order while you wait ( shortly I might add ) . 
Kosher dills are the perfect compliment for your unforgetable sandwich and they give you plenty of them . 
Try the hot dogs too , they 're snappy and delicious . 
The Pastrami sandwich was like buttah and with pickles and an icy cold beer to wash it down , it was a pleasurable experience . 
Look foward to trying the Ruben upon returning . 
We were very surprised by how good the food was on our first visit here on a Sunday night . 
Service was excellent , and the AC worked very well too ( thank God , it was hot ! ) . 
Even better , they know how to cook French classics like Steak au Poivre and Onglet without burning it to death or overcooking it . 
Black and blue , that 's all I need ! Quality of the meat was excellent , I might add . 
Frites were delicious if a bit on the thick side . 
Service was very good and warm . 
Moules were excellent , lobster ravioli was VERY salty ! 
Three page wine menu , one page entree and horedevous . 
Great selection of wine , and seafood . 
Did I mention the wine ? 
The wine list is extensive and impressive . 
LOVE the atmosphere - felt like I was in Paris . 
Great spot , whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner . 
Warm and friendly in the winter and terrific outdoor seating in the warmer months . 
The food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices . 
The large selection of bruschettas , paninis , tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating . 
Be sure to try the seasonal , and always del icious , specials . 
The bruschetta and panini 's are so yummy ! 
As always we had a great glass of wine while we waited . 
When we sat , we got great and fast service . 
The people that work there are always so friendly you forget you are in New York sometimes . 
The service does sometimes lack focus and it is not ideal if you are in a hurry but I have never been treated rudely . 
There are a few Italian employees who may not speak the best English but for me that adds to the experience . 
We had a 3 hour brunch- they definitely do not rush you - and they kept the unlimited mimosas flowing the whole time . 
The dinner menu is diverse and top-notch as well . 
Our tiny table for two ( dinner plates hung over edge ) was right in the middle of one of the lanes of waiter traffic . 
We were told that they were booked solid and no other table was available . 
I asked for seltzer with lime , no ice . 
Got club soda , filled with ice , no lime . 
Food was average and creme brulee was awful - the sugar was charred , not caramelized and smelled of kerosene . 
To my right , the hostess stood over a busboy and hissed rapido , rapido as he tried to clear and re-set a table for six . 
I had the best ravioli ever . 
A little noise but I think that was because of our party ! 
Enjoyed a very nice Caesar Salad while my wife had arugula and goat cheese ....both very tasty . 
We both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh . 
We concluded with tiramisu chocolate cake , both were delicious . 
It 's true , you feel like your in a scene from Goodfellas . 
Nicky the Nose at the bar is a treat . 
Best Italian food I ever had ( and being Italian , that means alot ) . 
The best burger I have had in the Village . 
The service was attentive and her suggestions of menu items was right on the mark . 
I liked the beer selection ! 
Wow over 100 beers to choose from . 
Really cool stauff inside . 
Simple comfort food and what hot and lage portions . 
great place to go for a drink too because they have 100 kinds of beer . 
It is a lot of fun with live entertainment and all kinds of Disney type special effects . 
The food was pretty tradional but it was hot and good with large portions . 
The have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was del icious , if I must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini . 
The entertainment was great they have shows that go on through out the dinner . 
The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile . 
The place 's decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh . 
Warm , comfortable surroundings , nice appointments ( witness the etched glass and brickwork separating the dining rooms ) . 
The well mannered , pleasant staff that Tony has in his employ . 
You are treated just like royality . 
The food is spectacular , from the appitizers to the main course , and then of course the desserts , ( WOW ) you 'll need no more . 
The shrimp scampi was excellent and the antipasti were plentiful . 
This is the BEST Shabu-Shabu Restaurant in the Try-State Area . 
Thius is a must for anyone who loves Shabu-Shabu . 
Always popular , always full , always a wait . 
I always get the Shabu-Shabu dinner and the beef is always fresh . 
The fried rice is really good too . 
The staff is also attentive and friendly . 
Shabu Tatsu serves 'shabu-shabu, ' the style of Japanese tableside cooking named for the gentle sound of boiling broth . 
Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface , and you get platters of thin sliced meats , various vegetables , and rice and glass noodles . 
Dip the ingredients in with your chopsticks , swirl them around , and eat . 
At the end you 're left with a mild broth with noodles that you can slurp out of a cup . 
It can be a very fun experience with a group , and kids ( 6 and over ) would love it . 
The flavors are very fresh and pretty inobtrusive , nothing flashy . 
Satisfying . 
It 's a much more grown up restaurant compared to the rest of the street . 
I 'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service . 
Saul is pretty good , but definitely not great . 
The food was pretty good , but a little flavorless and the portions very small , including dessert . 
I had the duck breast special on my last visit and it was incredible . 
The duck confit is always amazing and the foie gras terrine with figs was out of this world . 
The wine list is interesting and has many good values . 
The svc can be a bit rude at times , esp if you have big group , but overall the restaurant is a must ! 
This place has the best interior I have seen anywhere in the northside of W' burg , and will impress whoever you bring there . 
( and I have eaten my share ) Which impresses me for having such a large amount of people to serve . 
The service is always bad though , do n't expect much of anything from your server , and I would not recommend bringing a date here either . 
Besides , when you have bad service , that 's less money you have to tip . 
We ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the Thai section of the menu but nothing we got was Thai . 
However , I think this place is a good hang out spot . 
Next time , we would n't dare ordering anything else other than some simple Asian appetizers and drinks . 
I like the ambience , it 's very dark and original . 
Planet Thailand has always been a hit with me , I go there usually for the sushi , which is great , the thai food is excellent too . 
The atmosphere is n't the greatest , but I suppose that 's how they keep the prices down . 
It 's all about the food ! ! 
Try the mediterranean salad , it is a true experience for your taste buds ! ! 
The burger was great , also . 
This place is a great stop for great food . 
The manager claimed that he could not compensate us for anything on the bill which just shows the lack of sophistication from the entire group . 
The tuna and wasabe potatoes are excellent . 
The outdoor atmosphere of sitting on the sidewalk watching the world go by 50 feet away on 6th avenue on a cool evening was wonderful . 
Inside is a little cramped , but to be expected . 
Service was prompt and courteous . 
I have been there many times , and food is good and consistent . 
After my 3rd time the manager remembered me and treated me like an usual customer . 
It 's really also the service , is good and the waiters are friendly . 
I ordered a Chicken Teriyaki dish and found that the chicken was extremely dry . 
The dim sum however was very good . 
The only disappointment was the coat check girls who did n't seem to know what a customer is on a realtively non-busy night ( for the coat check girls ) . 
The food was great . 
From the appetizers we ate , the dim sum and other variety of foods , it was impossible to criticize the food . 
A++ The service was good to excellent along with the attitude . 
Make reservations but expect to be delayed 15-20 minutes as the hosting staff was having difficulty seating guests who arrived with a reservation because they probably had a lot of walk ins being so close to Time Square . 
I 've always been seated propm tly . 
If you are in a big group , this place is perfect because it recomends sharing - they have lazy susans on most tables - even families can feel comfortable here . 
Here you get the zen feel without feeling rigid . 
The website and rating makes this place look wonderful but in reality it was very disappointing . 
The food was so-so . 
The waiters were not attentive except that the bill turned up on the table before we were finished . 
The food was just OK , at least for what food was available . 
For some reason , all the seafood on the menu was unavailable except for the Salmon . 
Every course was better than the next . 
One of my favorites though was the Angry Lobster , a cold lobster salad that was magnificent . 
it 's a huge place-best for renting out for big parties . 
All the appetizers and salads were fabulous , the steak was mouth watering and the pasta was delicious ! ! ! 
The food was absolutely amazing ! ! 
The baked clams octopus we shared as appetizers were the best we 've ever had ! ! The lamb was tender so full of flavor , the dessert was divine ! ! 
The waiter was attentive . 
The place itself is beautiful the bar scene seems to be happening . 
The open-air area is not good for conversation b it still is GCS. 
But the food is good ; try the lobster with saffron sauce , very good . 
Also good for client lunch meetings , esp. 
My friends and I thoroughly enjoyed our leisurely dinner with the interesting locale and excellent service ; our waiter was great ! 
Metrazur has a beautiful spot overlooking the main terminal . 
Why do people rave about the ambience . 
The aesthetics of this place are like an airport lounge . 
Given the incredible architecture surrounding it , this place has no character . 
Food was OK - fish was cooked well . 
But , nothing stands out about the cooking . 
Service was decent , but not as smooth as I would expect from a place with these prices and reputation . 
No gimmicks here -- the food speaks for itself in its freshness and preparation . 
The dining room is quietly elegant with no music to shout over -- how refreshing ! 
The service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu , present your meal , and attend to your needs . 
Looking around , I saw a room full of New Yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant , not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen . 
Got a little loud after 8pm when the joint got full . 
An oasis of refinement : Food , though somewhat uneven , often reaches the pinnacles of new American fine cuisine - chef 's passion ( and kitchen 's precise execution ) is most evident in the fish dishes and soups . 
I have never better enjoyed humble root vegetables or a mushroom consomme - and this chef accomplishes without fats . 
Service is highly refined : our seating was delayed 35 minutes past our reservation and the maitre d' apologized and regularly kept us apprised of progress . 
The decor is very simple but comfortable . 
The food was delicious but do not come here on a empty stomach . 
The portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that . 
You must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of this world and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert . 
The staff there is very attentive and down to earth . 
The ambience is authentic and relaxing and we have always received attentive and prompt service . 
We ordered the chicken casserole , but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken , all dark meat and on the bone . 
We ordered the steak , with 'medium' for our beef . 
What came to our table was burned beyond recognition and stringy . 
No one asked what was wrong as we left with nothing touched on our plates . 
Our server checked on us maybe twice during the entire meal . 
It took nearly 2 hours to get in due to the service . 
Ummm ...the beer was cold . 
Interior was so so . 
I in all reality felt as if I had just gotten off Air France and was in the 8th District in Paris . 
Service was very good - prompt , attentive and non-intrusive . 
Food was very good as well , considering that we tried the budget selection ( though I wish the pork belly that I ordered was roasted a bit longer , so that fat was more of a melt-in-your-mouth experience ) . 
Wine list selection is good and wine-by-the-glass was generously filled to the top . 
Traditional French decour was pleasant though the hall was rather noisy - the restaurant was full and we had to raise our voices to be able to maintain a conversation . 
The buffet had a nice selection . 
The food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes . 
Service was also very good . 
The food was good . 
The place was nice and calm . 
but the service was a bit slow . 
With the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room . 
The service was attentive . 
Ok , so the servers wander around a little clueless , but there 's more than enough servers for the crowd they get -- it 's fine , you just have to make a small effort to get their attention . 
Everything is excellent , the menu is quite extensive , and you eat with a view on both sides of the city . 
Try the Times Square cocktail -- ginger lemonade with vodka ( also available without vodka . ) 
It took them 15 minutes to put water in our glasses . 
It took them 25 minutes to bring our appetizer . 
It took them ALMOST AN HOUR to bring out the ent rees . 
The lamb meat was under-cooked and EXTRMELY CHEWY . 
They had scrapped the bottom of the vessel in which they make the rice -RESUL T - WE HAD LARGE CHUNKS OF BURNT RICE IN OUR SERVING BOWL. 
They never came back to refill our glasses again . 
The food was authentic . 
I felt as though I were eating in Paris . 
The service was excellent - friendly and attentive . 
Very good wine choices . 
We only ordered desserts and drinks , but no refills were offered . 
Any how , we were able to sit as long as we wanted and chat , which was nice . 
We were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date . 
We were then shooed inside . 
One would think we 'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead , we got a snobby waiter would n't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so . 
The food was exceptional . 
The menu consisted of standard brassiere food , better then places like Balthazar etc . 
I choose to go with one of the special , the braised lamb shank in red wine , which was excellent . 
The restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal 
The pho is incredible , and I am a particular fan of the summer rolls , water spinach with garlic vegetables , and squid with chili lemongrass . 
The wait staff is very friendly , if not overly efficient . 
Once you become a regular , you are treated as one . 
Light , refreshing summer rolls ( not fried ) remind me of Vietnamese places in Paris . 
Grilled whole fish wonderful , great sp icing . 
Interesting other dishes for a change include chicken in curry sauce and salmon caserole . 
Have always found that the waiters will go out of their way to be help ful , despite the fact they are often busy with lots of diners . 
Ambiance and music funky , which I enjoy . 
I 've been to this restaurant more than a dozen times and when I 'm craving for Pho , Lemon grass chicken or Beef Cube on rice , this is the place to go . 
The food has been consistant for years and it never lets you down . 
The service is descent even when this small place is packed . 
the real kicker of the menu , however , is the beef cubes or the chicken with chili and lemon grass . 
i've been back to nha trang literally a hundred times for the beef cubes - they 're that good . 
also make sure you pay attention to the music being piped in - quite a weird selection . 
The food is delicious . 
Its not the same if you have to sit inside . 
The setting is casual and romantic . 
The food is excellent ! 
if you 're daring , try the balsamic vinegar over icecream , it 's wonderful ! 
This is such a lovely , peaceful place to eat outside . 
The restaurant looks out over beautiful green lawns to the Hudson River and the Statue of Liberty . 
It is set far from the small street it 's on , and there is no traffic noise . 
The food is good , especially their more basic dishes , and the drinks are delicious . 
Wonderful strawberry daiquiries as well ! 
They do n't walk around with the trays of Dim Sum . 
You order from a menu , so you leave feeling like you missed the full experience . 
The service was bad , the food took to forever to come , we sat on the upper level . 
Chinese Desserts are known for healthful benefits in addition to the sweetness . 
By far this is the only chinese desserts place I know in NY or anywhere close in the Northeastern America that serves desserts with frog jelly in a couple of varieties and pig feet ginger simmered in black vinegar . 
Another couple of specials is their bamboo rice , claypot congee noodles . 
The waitress remembers me and is very friendly , she knows what my regular is and that 's the fried mini buns with the condensed milk and the assorted fruits on beancurd . 
They 've the best desserts and mixed drinks as well as snack foods . 
We shared a bottle of sake , an order of edamames , and she had the sushi plate while I had the sashimi . 
What generous portions ! 
I found the variety of the sashimi plate to be satisfying - fresh and yummy . 
As far as the service goes , the waitresses were not particularly friendly , but they got the job done . 
Delivery is fast too . 
The decor is really blah , and not at all hip or happening . 
So , for good food i 'd recommend it , but not for a fun night out . 
The people in the restaurant were pretty obnoxious and loud . 
Even after they overcharged me the last time I was there . 
Make sure you have the Spicy Scallop roll. . . 
it 's delicious ! 
While their kitchen food is del icious , their Sushi is out of this world . 
Mizu is home to creative and unique rolls not to found anywhere else . 
Good bagels and good cream cheese . 
None of that yucky whipped stuff . 
But they do n't have a toaster , which is strange . 
Great bagels made the old-fashioned way . 
Dra wbacks : service is slow and they do n't toast ! 
delicious bagels , especially when right out of the oven . 
Service is fast and friendly . 
Only drawback - they wo n't toast your bagel , and they do n't make eggs for the bagel . 
Very neighborhoody , very quick and sufficient . 
Other apetizers and food 
Compared to Ess-a , Tal offers a less doughy bagel ! 
They even scoop it out nice ( for those on a diet ) not too much not to little . 
The cream cheeses are out of this world and I love that coffee ! ! 
The # 1 - Masala Dosa was quite good , I would scale it a 6 . 
but I was not a fan of the 'fusion dosa ' where the filling went from portabella mushroom to avocado . 
The fillings may be unconventional but the dosa batter is definitely authentic and the combinations very tasty . 
I tried the curry chicken , masala and portobello cheese dosas - all of which were delicious . 
The highly spiced chai tea was great too . 
Sandwiches are straightforward and lovely - drinks in the cooler range from diet soda to a perfect mango lassi. 
Then you order a dosa ( get # 12 ! ) and they serve you the Biggest Piece of Food in the World - an unthinkable 2 feet long . 
Trust me , it will be great , and all of it will be devoured in no time . 
The dosas are skimpy , unattractive and drip with grease , and personally I 'd drink popcorn topping before I 'd eat another one of these . 
The sandwiches are dry , tasteless and way overpriced . 
The food is amazing ! ! ! ! 
This is definitely an excellent date spot because of the ambiance and on the weekends the night scene is more than alive . 
Both times I was extremely dissappointed by the service , which was boarderline rude . 
They wouldnt even let me finish my glass of wine before offering another . 
Much of the time it seems like they do not care about you . 
The dinner was ok , nothing I would have again . 
I had their eggs benedict for brunch , which were the worst in my entire life , I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was . 
The filet mignon is the best I have had in the city and I have been to all the major steakhouses ... Lugers , Sparks , etc . 
The garlic mashed potatoes are hands down the best in the city ! 
And Kruno , the beverage manager is the best bartender I have yet to come acr oss . 
His drinks are very inventive , delicious and classy . 
From the moment you enter till the moment you walk out the friendly and helpful staff was was just Fantastic . 
Please try the Filet Mignon , its just the most tender piece ever . 
The zucchini and mashed potatoes are a blend of garlic and butter which simply melts in your mouth . 
To finish off such a delightful dinner experience you must have dessert , especially the White Chocolate Bread Pudding with Gelato and hot chocolate . 
If you go to Roth 's try to be served by Mike , he is GREAT ! ! 
This was n't the expected menu comprised only of pad thai and tom yum soup , but I thought that was what made the place so special . 
I ordered tamarind duck and my wife ordered noodles with ground beef , and we were both delighted by the way the dishes evoked Thai flavors in unexpected ways . 
Instead of being pan-Asian , I thought it was simply a creative take on Thai cuisine ... and I 'd much rather have innovation with traditional Thai spices than another unremarkable noodle dish . 
Plus , when our entrees were held up in the kitchen on a busy Saturday night , the owner sent over complimentary summer rolls to hold us over ! 
Our waitress was sweet and accomodating , not overbearing . 
The music does get a little loud at times , but it just made me want to lean closer to my beautiful wife , and as I did , I got a whiff of corriander . 
I liked the food at this quasi-thai restaurant . 
It was nice and fresh , but I ca n't give it high scores on being authentic thai . 
The food was very good , but not very thai . 
The food is very average ...the Thai fusion stuff is a bit too sweet , every thing they serve is too sweet here . 
The only thing I moderately enjoyed was their Grilled Chicken special with Edamame Puree . 
I had never had Edamame pureed before but I thought it was innovative and tasty ( could 've used a bit more salt ) . 
The decor is night tho ...but they REALLY need to clean that vent in the ceiling ...its quite un-appetizing , and kills your effort to make this place look sleek and modern . 
Well , this place is so Ghetto its not even funny . 
Jimmy 's is hands down the hottest night spot in the Bron x. 
Right off the major deegan you get ladies from all over the city . 
After dinner , take your date to the HUGE dance floor , probably one of the biggest you 'll see in NY. 
Some of the finest latin women you 'll see in your life hang out at Jimmy 's . 
Great bar , most gorgeous bartenders you 've ever seen ( specifically the blond lady ) . 
Good atmosphere , combination of all the hottest music dress code is relatively strict except on Fridays . 
The service is fantastic . 
Although the place could be a little more eye catching and roomier , at the same time , it does n't really matter . 
The soup is pretty good too . 
It 's a really great deal , considering we got full off of four dollars . 
It only took about five or so minutes to get an empty table , but standing up was n't too bad . 
You have to increase the service a lot . 
Knowledge of the chef and the waitress are below average . 
They sell special sushi , everything have a topping , sauce and etc . 
The service is awful--the last time I was there ( and I do mean the last time ) we were told that they needed our table so we would have to leave . 
The fish is fresh but the variety of fish is nothing out of ordinary . 
The sauces used are also not that exciting . 
If the omakase is to showcase technique and variety , serving almost 40 % of items BBQ-ed and a spicy tuna roll wrapped with not-so-fresh nori seems to be a rather limp performance . 
The NYC has available to it so many different vegetables , meats , and fishes ; and Japanese cuisine has a number of unique foods and preparations all of which could have been used here with greater effect but all we get almost nothing of the sort . 
Perhaps this food is considered extreme to an Upper East Side resident , but for the rest of us who 've actually eaten ethnic food , this is simply dull . 
This is the best sushi in new york city - hands down . 
Get the tuna of gari . 
While they keep the capex to a minimum , they do put some cash into the bagels , because they among the best in the city . 
Great bagels , spreads and a good place to hang out in . 
Great place to grab a hot bagel on the way to work . 
Unlike HH up the block , this place actually gives you hearty and hot bagels this town is known for . 
Of course this atmosphere is lacking , but what do you expect from a 24 hour bagel place anyways ? 
Pick a bagel on 2nd has the best chicken salad ever ... even there low fat is good . 
The employees are excellent .. some even know me by name and order ( pathetic for me ) ...i just ca n't stay away ! 
plus the make your own salad . .... they do not have limits on what or how much you can put on it . 
you can actually get 2 salads worth if u take it home and add it to some lettuce ! 
Bagels are ok , but be sure not to make any special requests ! 
I asked for an open faced cheese sandwich and the manager basically told me to take my business elsewher e ! 
Be sure not to get anything other than bagels ! ..the turkey burgers are scary ! 
Pick a bagel has the best bagels in the city . 
big and soft as well as good lunch food . 
Sometimes this is the BEST food and others ...well , it just sucks . 
Good Chicken w peanut sauce , but my friend 's mixed sqewer dish was n't that great : it 's chicken was a lil dry and the shrimp a lil too salty . 
But the coconut rice was good . 
The interiors are warm , tables lit by candlelight , patrons happily eating and praising the wait staff and cook constantly .. .pretty rare to see ..and strange . 
I ordered the chu chu curry and my friend ordered the pad thai chicken . 
The chu chu curry was really delish but the pad thai ..unbelievable ...and a large portion too ! 
The Thai ice tea was amazingly smooth and yummy ! 
Only boo was the rice ..i think it is called jasmine rice but not sure , had a dry texture to it .. seemed like left over rice . 
One of the best Thai Restaurant .Good services .Good 
You better try Lab-Ped ( Spicy Duck Salad . ),Pad Thai,Tom yum Kung ,etc . 
Only had delivery so ca n't speak to ambience , but considering the lack of attention they give the food , there certainly ca n't be much to see there . 
The mussaman curry that I ordered was as thin as water and aside from the poorly fried tofu that I ordered in it , they graciously provided me with ONE piece of poorly cooked potato . 
Plain and simple it 's bad thai food . 
The red curry is weak and tasteless , the pad thai is stuck together and lumpy , the rice is often overcooked , and the seafood is pretty sketchy . 
The pizza is good though . 
Awsome Pizza especially the Margheritta slice . 
Always busy but fast moving . 
Great atmoshere and worth every bit . 
Open late ( well as late as I ever got there and I 'm a night person ) 
This is a nice pizza place with good selection of thin crust pizza including the Basil slice . 
Their calzones are horrific , bad , vomit-inducing , YUCK. 
They smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone . 
The counter service is bad . 
They 're rude at times , and not very friendly . 
The food was absolutely horrible ! 
The food is o.k. , but not any better than what you get at a good neighborhood restaurant . 
It cannot be the ambience , because the place is very cramped and some guests have to sit in an aisle . 
The most annoying thing , though , is the fact that the servers seem to be trained to drive revenue . 
Nothing against a good sales call , but the tactics at Amma are just too obvious . 
Its an excellent place to relax and the food is one of the best in the city of New York . 
one of the best Chicken Tikka Masala . 
The music is the best among all the Indian restaurants I have visited . 
A must for all the Dosa lovers . 
The menu seemed to have a wide variety of dishes for seafood lovers and interesting ways of preparing them . 
Also , the hostess called me today to thank us for coming and mentioned how she hoped that my girlfriend enjoyed her birthday - unexpected , but a truly above and beyond thing to do ... 
Quite poor service ... Our appetizers came pretty quickly , but it was another hour till the entrees showed up . 
The only comp we got was some champagne ... which was n't fabulous . 
Decor is minimalist and clean - nothing to distract or commend . 
Service was very friendly . 
Fluke sashimi drizzled with jalapeno-lime olive oil , the fruit of the oil nicely highlighting the fish 's sweetness . 
A touch more jalapeno heat for contrast and it would have been very good indeed. 
Barbecued codfish was gorgeously moist - as if poached - yet the fabulous texture was let down by curiously bland seasoning - a spice rub might have overwhelmed , however herb mix or other sauce would have done much to enhance . 
fresh restaurant was amazing .... .... food was delicious and of course fresh . 
great for a romantic evening , or a fun evening with friends ... 
The girl who waited on us ( and mind you we were a table of ah , downtown fashion people ) seemed to be more concerned with who was walking in the front door and gossiping w co-workers than paying attention to our order . 
Drinks got screwed up , she acted put upon . 
Total hipster-wannabe attitude in an otherwise sweet spot . 
Really though , where's the seasoning ? 
This food is asian-air fusion . 
Makes you crave MSG... no kidding ! 
Do n't look down your nose at me like that ... 
I 'm still mad that i had to pay for lousy food . 
The hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed . 
I found it on a cold night , the perfect spot to warm up . 
I recieved prompt service with a smile . 
To me it exemplifies Soho , cute , artsy , interesting . 
It was not above ordinary and the beef version had cheap ( undercooked ) beef . 
I also ordered for delivery and the restaurant forgot half the order . 
The food 's dazzling flavors overwhelm the palate , truly embracing the beauty of authentic Thai cuisine . 
Try the Pad Se-Ew or Chicken with Cashew Nuts for a memorable and repeatable experience . 
I really liked the noodle dishes at Rice Avenue compared to their Green Curry dish . 
The atmosphere is much better than Sripraphai (more modern and sleek ) . 
This restaurant is VEGETARIAN ; there are NO MEAT dishes whatsoever . 
The seats are uncomfortable if you are sitting against the wall on wooden benches . 
It 's a rather cramped and busy restaurant and it closes early . 
I am not a vegetarian but , almost all the dishes were great . 
I ordered a Lassi and asked 4 times for it but never got it . 
Note that they do not serve beer , you must bring your own . 
my picks are : - Scallion Pancake ( fried with vegetable juice , very special and tasty ) - Guizhou Chicken - Shredded Squid Family Style ( one of my personal favorites ) - Sichuan Spicy Soft Shell Crab - Shuizhu Fish ( this one is for hardcore Sichuan food fans , I would n't recommend to my American friends as it 's very spicy . 
But people from Sichuan will die for it ) - Chongqing Hot Pot , chongqing was the biggest city of Sichuan , now became an independent province . 
Sauce was watery and the food did n't have much flavor . 
my picks : Guizhou chicken , fish with hot bean source , fish fillet in spicy source ( special menu ) . 
The hot and sour soup was unbearably hot and tasted of only pepper and nothing else . 
My entree of hot pot with seafood was full of imitation crabmeat with a couple pieces of shrimp and squid , and was unnecessarily heated with a burner . 
The sauce was watery and tasted heavily of MSG . ( I was thirsty as hell afterwards . ) My companion 's entree did n't fare any better either . 
( Both our entrees were not from the AC section . ) His cabbage with baby shrimp came also with the same watery sauce , and no real shrimp , but dried , reconstituted shrimpthe cheapest thing you can buy . 
He was terribly thirsty after the meal too . 
The decor is nice , but more casual than fine dining . 
Yes , they use fancy ingredients , but even fancy ingredients do n't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right . 
The portions are HUGE , so it might be good to order three things to split ( rather than one appetizer and entree per person ) for two people . 
The ingredients taste fresher , the crust is thinner and crispier , the slice is less oily , and it 's never burnt like it occasionally is at Joe 's . 
The plain slice is great and if you get toppings , the whole slice is topped with them , not sparsely sprinkled on like some places . 
They 're also friendlier here , especially the owner , Kenny . 
The sauce on the pizza is sooo good with garlic and fresh tomatoes and they do n't skimp . 
The sicilian is my favorite it is moist not dry like most places but all their pizza is great ! 
Both the fresh mozzerella slices and the Plain Cheese slice are phenomenal . 
The sauce is delicious and the crust is perfect . 
The owner is very friendly and a great guy , go try his pizza , you 'll like it ! 
We had the most wonderful waitress . 
What a mistake ...We arrived @ 1:45 and sat down @ 2:00 not too bad ...@ 2:00 they were out of fries , imagine a 4yr old not getting fries , we were served with a mixed green salad after we gave our vegetable order as a sub. 
asked for italian dressing received ceaser w anchovies , asked for xtra napkins , forks and peper never got them . 
And they have these home made potato chips at the bar that are the most delicious things in the world ! 
this is the best secret place in midtown' , I heard that from the bartender , after having brilliant food ( try steak with portobello mushrooms ) and drinks on the bar last Tuesday . 
The staff is excellent , specjal : that girl behind the bar , european chic . 
She got us the apple pie ! ! which is soo brilliant . 
and hey the prices ?? ? ? nothing for the midtown and Rock Plaza . 
But I 've got to second the comment that the owner has some issues handling customers and staff . 
However , they 've got the most amazing pastrami and the soups hit the spot . 
I did n't expect to like Nosh as much as I did , but the pastrami on challah sandwich I had was otherworldly , the soups are like Mom 's , and the knishes give Yonah Schimmel 's a run for its money . 
We ordered a tuna melt - it came with out cheese which just made it a tuna sandwich . 
They showed up 15 minutes after the tuna melt . 
The hot dogs were cold in the middle and the buns were stale . 
The food is terrible and overall , I would have to say avoid at all costs . 
Looking from the outside in , one would hesitate to enter this hole in the wall ( really , that 's what it is ) . 
A narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters , a great deal of mess ( st acks of bottles , cans ) and a small counter holding 12-14 ent rees . 
Behind this counter , two men are squeezed in . 
The one up front will smile and say What can I get for you , brother ? 
Food does n't appear to be cooked on premisis but there 's a high turnover so its pretty fresh . 
And its absolutely DELICIOUS. 
Authentic Pakistani food . 
People are always friendly . 
Do n't waste money on decor . 
The characters really make for an enjoyable experience . 
The food however , is what one might expect . 
Our food was great too ! 
And really large portions . 
The staff was the friendliest that have seen in New York . 
THE FOOD PORTIONS ARE REALLY LARGE. 
Our server was very helpful and friendly . 
The pizza here is delicious . 
The combination of fresh tomato sauce , fresh mozz cheese , basil and the dough they make with imported flour , makes this is one of the better pizza 's in NY. 
They have some great entrees here as well . 
The service is a bit slow , but harkens back to my years growing up in Napoli , Italy where things are not rushed and when you sit down for dinner the table is yours all night . 
Great pizza for lunch place . 
Service was quick . 
The pizza was great . 
And it was quick which is very important . 
Have the iced tea . 
Everyone treats you like you were part of the family . 
We had great desserts ( including the best cannoli I 've ever had ) and then they offered an after dinner drink , on the house . 
The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter . 
The wine list is excellent . 
The only thing the waiters do n't do for you is wipe your chin when you leave . 
Volare virgins or weekly regulars , everyone gets treated the same and you ca n't ask for more than that when the service is this friendly . 
The anti-pasta was excellent , especially the calamari , as were the filling pasta mains . 
The food is uniformly exceptional , with a very capable kitchen which will proudly whip up whatever you feel like eating , whether it 's on the menu or not . 
I 'm constantly impressed by the waiters-- true professionals who seem to be having a great time . 
The decor is a bit cheesy , and the owner does n't seem to mind when a regular feels like smoking an illicit cigarette ( grrr .. . ) but I guess that kinda adds to the charm . 
The wine list is n't great , and the desserts are shipped in from Bruno 's down the street , which is not as good as it used to be . 
And you 're hungry a few hours later . 
Seriously , this is the best all you can eat in town - As everyone says , the Spicy Tuna hand rolls are the best - have 4 of these , and you 've broken even . 
I 've rarely had a problem with slow staff in the 10 years I 've been going . 
Stay away from the two specialty rolls on the menu , though- too much avocado and rice will fill you up right quick . 
The all you can eat deal is truly amazing here . 
Highly recommended is the Spicy Fried Clam Rolls and Spider Rolls . 
It is a small restuarant so go early and it will be nice and quiet - go late and it will be packed ! 
This place has realy fresh sushi and a nice large menu of Japanese classic cuisine . 
The spicy tuna and salmon are the best we 've ever had . 
Service can be tediously slow and inattentive when busy . Parking stinks . 
I have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri . 
Service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded . 
Should you happen to be impressed by the cuisine definitely try it . 
Yes , there might be a wait if you have no reservations . 
The food is awesome - definitely try the striped bass . 
Decent wine selection too . 
You are paying for the atmosphere , which is nice , but can be had in numerous places in Bay R idge . 
The only positive was the wait staff , which was prompt , knowledgable , and likeable . 
Most of the servers are very attentive , friendly and quite attractive . 
The atmosphere was mostly of an older crowd , but there were a few groups of mid 20's year olds also . 
The dish had like 6 pieces of beef in it . 
I would n't even have complained at all if the food at least tasted good but the quality of food was crappy , too . 
Good food . 
The fried dumplings are GREAT ! 
Winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you . 
One should not go to Lucky Strike for the food . 
While certain staples are excellent ( the burger , some of the pastas ) , the food is not really the point . 
Unfortunately , the food was NOT something to get worked up about . 
I only tried a simple dish of spinach ravioli in a light oil and garlic sauce , but it actually faired better than most NYC Italian joints I 've tried similar dishes at . 
I would definitely go back -- if only for some of those exotic martinis on the blackboard . 
Lucky Strike is a great casual place to just grab a bite to eat . 
The wait staff is pleasant , fun , and for the most part gorgeous ( in the wonderful aesthetic beautification way , not in that she 's-way-cuter-than-me-that-b@# $* way ) . 
The food is yummy , especially their cooked-to-perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries . 
But the best part about LS is the late night atmosphere , delightfully free of the BTs . 
You can get a completely delish martini in a glass ( that 's about 2 1 drinks ) for $ 8.50 ( I recommend the Vanilla Shanty , mmmm ! ) in a great homey setting with great music . 
The in-house lady DJ on Saturday nights has outrageously good taste in music , and moreover , takes requests . 
Pizza here is consistently good . 
Salads are a delicious way to begin the meal . 
You should pass on the calamari . 
It is thick and slightly soggy . 
Decor is charming . 
Service is average . 
Who has room for Cheesesticks with the best pizza in NYC ! Get the pepperoni - YUM - and a family style salad . 
Great staff . 
Always great servic e ! 
The pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap , fro zen , shredded cheese common to most pizzaria 's . 
Also , because it is so thin , it gets cold very quickly and its not that filling . 
Located at the end of a magnificent block . 
Very cozy and warm inside .....I will be back ! 
Love the scene first off - the place has a character and nice light to it ..very fortunate , location wise . 
The pizza was pretty good and huge . 
We were 4 and got the family size penne a la vodka which was tremendously gigantic portion ...a bucket of food literally . 
Food is excellent . 
Fish is so very fresh . 
Waitstaff are very friendly . 
honestly the worst sushi my husband and i had in our entire lives . 
not sure why this restaurant would be rated that highly . the all-u-can-eat sushi is definitely in very poor quality . 
The atmosphere is nothing special , but it feels like a Sushi establishment in Tokyo . 
The owner and staff are all Japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance . 
Despite a slightly limited menu , everything prepared is done to perfection , ultra fresh and a work of food art . 
Taxan delicious ! 
It costs $ 2 extra to turn a regular roll into an inside-out roll , but the roll more than triples in size , and that 's not just from the rice . 
The spicy Tuna roll is huge and probably the best that I 've had at this price range . 
The Yellowtail was particularly good as well . 
I have reservations about the all you can eat deal , however -- the choices are fairly limited and you can probably order more food than you can eat for less than $ 18 by just going off the menu. 
The staff ignored my friends and I the entire time we were there . 
It was like the servers forgot that they actually worked there and instead wanted to hang out and be cool . 
It 's a shame that a nice , convenient place like the Pink Pony can be so ruined by lousy service . 
We asked to be moved ( which took half an hour ) , and then were seated in a high traffic area in the back , even though the rest of the room was practically empty . 
( i hang out , and live , in the neighborhood . . ) the food is decent . 
however , it 's the service that leaves a bad taste in my mouth . 
i know , you were too busy showing off your vintage tee shirt and looking bored , but my agenda is i'm here to eat and enjoy the company of friends , seeking a pleasant experience . 
Food-awesome . 
Service - friendly and attentive . 
Ambiance - relaxed and stylish . 
I highly recommend the Sophia pizza . 
Rosario 's is without a doubt one of the greatest pizzerias in existence . 
He takes real pride in his food and his business . 
He not only makes his own homemade mozzarella , but every pie is ultra fresh . 
Even after getting pushed out by the no-class Famous Ray 's , Sal has risen again to carry on his father 's uncle 's legacies with a smile , true love for his community , and let 's not forget the Outstanding Pizza ! 
Some of the workers ignore me and talk to the female customers , other times , they 've skipped my order . 
Other than the crappy service from two individuals , it 's great . 
Good , fast service . 
To dine at Thalia can be slightly deceiving because while its beautiful on the outside , its so bland on the inside . 
The establishment scores big points in presentation and style . 
However , service was as plain as sesame crusted Salmon I had . 
This place is pretty deceiving ... it 's a gorgeous place in a great location and wonderful ambiance . 
Service was on par but not wonderful . 
My biggest complaint was the un-tasty food although presented well . 
I had the salmon dish and while it was fine , for the price paid , I expected it to have some type of flavor . 
We asked the server for two glasses with a splash of Southern Comfort and Grand Marnier . 10 minutes later our drinks arrive and were not what we asked for . 
The first 2 courses were very good , but the chocolate sampler was too rich for me and the dessert wine far too sweet . 
My husband had the mesclun , salmon , and ice cream and he enjoyed all 3 courses . 
Fast service . 
I think the restaurant was too loud ( when full ) to be romantic . 
I ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor . 
The entree was bland and small , dessert was not inspired . 
I 've been a fan of Pastis for years it never fails to succeed in producing wonderfully friendly , knowledgeable servers ( I miss Eva n ! ) and top-notch French bistro fare . 
The wine selection ( by the glass and bottle ) is wonderful and I always recommend that friends make a reservation if they 're going to be in town . 
We were pleasantly gre eted . 
The menu was impressive with selections ranging from a burger , to steak , to escargot . 
The food was very well prepared . 
The service was ok . 
It is kinda nosiy and the tables are close together but it 's still a beautiful place to enjoy a nice dinner . 
The atmosphere was crowded but it was a great bistro-type vibe . 
The food was really good , I had the onion soup and it was one of the best ever . 
Service was hur ried , but friendly . 
The fries are yummy . 
You are not eating haut cuisine with subtle hints of whatever but : Cassuolet , Steake Fritte , Tripe Stew , etc ; simple stuff . 
Great vibe , lots of people . 
My husbands was perfect , my was well done and dry . 
I did n't complain , I liked the atmosphere so much . 
My husband and I enjoyed each of the 6 taste size portions and left completely full . 
The waitress suggested glasses of wine that went very well with the food . 
It 's charmingly small and that leads to an atmoshere that is extremely cozy and romantic , even . 
The food , served in small tasting portions ( as an option ) is very good with each dish being better than the next . 
We had crawfish boiled and despite making a mess , it was a ton of fun and quite tasty as well . 
Granted the space is smaller than most , it is the best service you will find in even the largest of restaurants . 
I enjoy the collaboration of chef 's with Owner  Chef Colin Alevras from time to time but truly love it best when Colin is in full swing . 
Truly the mark of an attentive waiter . 
- i asked for them spicy and they were delicious ) . 
Our waiter and all of the people helping him were attentive and genuine . 
They even sent us a dessert on the house because they thought we would like it ( and it was amazing-panna cotta ! ! !-so very yummy ) . 
If it 's just a quick martini at the bar ( which I recommend Jeffery 's ) or a mind blowing Roast Chicken , go to Village ! 
Even though the restaurant was packed , we were seated promptly and even asked for a table upstairs with no problems . 
Even though it is a little loud , you do n't have to yell at each other to talk . 
The table service could have been a little more attentive but as someone who also works in the service industry , I understood they were busy . 
Like others have said , do n't expect the restaurant to make a nite out romantic for you and yes , a busy restaurant may require you to wait . 
The steak was excellent and one of the best I have had ( I tasted the butter intitally but in no way did it overwhelm the flavor of the meat ) . 
The sides were ok and incredibly salty . 
I could have drank 4 glasses of water and still been parched - so watch out . 
Succulent steaks cooked precisely to your desired 'doneness ' accompanied by salads and sides that do n't look like leafy road kill . 
Forget the rush and the wait and the noise ( which is n't actually that bad ) , I mean please , who goes to a steakhouse to be coddled and romantic ? 
When you want a piece of beef , head on over . 
Tasty steak , pork loin , the works . 
Filled with suits , though , so you never really feel terribly comfortable . 
And I could do without the cigar smoke . 
If presentation and service is your thing , then this magic show works . 
The service was attentive , yet disc reet . 
The flavors robust and subtle . 
The brioche and lollies as party favors is a cute and sweet touch to a most memorable meal . 
We were disappointed with the pre-fixe menu of only 2 choices per course ( other restaurants offer 3 choices ) and ended up ordering a la carte . 
While we thoroughly enjoyed the food , it was annoying to scream across the table for conversation . 
I 'm also convinced our waiter was a zombie ; he appeared to have difficulty focusing while we spoke to him . 
We began with the cheese fondue ( the artisanal blend ) and added apples and kielbasa to dip . 
Be careful of portions - they 're HUGE. 
I had the cod with paella ( spicy and very filling , I 'm a big eater and could only eat half ) while my boyfriend had the classic fish and chips ( again , a big serving - at least 5 pieces of fish and a basketful of fries ) . 
We ended the dinner with a surprisingly light and flaky apple tarte tatin . 
No free drink . 
Butter was melted , white wine warm , cheese oozing everywhere . 
Our friendly server made great food suggestions and also sent both the sommelier and the fromager to the table to help suggest different pairings for wine and cheese . 
( This was nice b both the wine list and the cheese menu are very large . ) The summer feta salad and the shrimp dishes were excellent ( and refreshing after the cheese course ) ! 
If you love wine and cheese and delicious french fare , you 'll love Artisanal ! 
The makhani was OK --the korma was bland . 
The best thing I tasted were the lambc hops . 
there are so many thing i love about Bukhara . the furniture is awsome i love the wood furniture . 
I am happy i did the food was awsome . 
and yes Dal Bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kababs . 
just got back from lunch at Tamarind and it was excellent . 
we decided to eat in tea room which was small and cute . 
we split a tasty vegetable samosa and the malai tikka wrap . 
Do n't dine at Tamarind for the vegetarian dishes , they are simply not up to par with the non-veg selections . 
Most importantly , food is excellent . 
Try the sea bass . 
very good breads as well . 
The dim sum here is only so-so . 
The dim sum is ok but does n't taste that fresh , and the little dishes do n't look steamy hot as they should ( also note lack of Chinese here ) . 
The one vegetarian entree ( Abby 's treasure ) was actually quite a surprise - it was delicious and had wintermelon covering an assortment of fresh mushrooms and vegetables . 
The meat dishes were only so-so . 
Just bring someone who speaks Cantonese because waiter may not understand you . 
Decor leaves something to be desired . 
Usually 3 vs. 4 items per dish . 
Okay service . 
Do not get the Go Go Hamburgers , no matter what the reviews say . 
Steamed fresh so brought hot hot hot to your table . 
The wait here is long for dim sum , but if you do n't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig , this is a sleek ( for Chinatown ) alternative . 
A few tips : skip the turnip cake , roast pork buns and egg custards . 
but when we looked at the menu , there were n't a lot of choices , most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section . 
then we ordered a dinosaur rolls and white tuna sashimi . 
those rolls were big , but not good and sashimi was n't fresh . 
they were dry and disgusting , i did n't even finish my first piece . 
We recently decided to try this location , and to our delight , they have outdoor seating , perfect since I had my yorkie with me . 
Indoor was very cozy and cute . 
The portion sizes here are huge , and the sushi is good . 
Staff is very accomodating . 
Largest and freshest pieces of sushi , and delicious ! 
Terrific menu full of unique rolls and special dishes . 
Killer Sushi ! 
Everyone is welcomed in as family . 
Hurley 's is like Cheers where everyone knows your name and they are ACTUALLY glad you came . 
Try the crunchy tuna , it is to die for . 
Try everything for that matter , it is all good . 
They all know you . 
Good food . 
Good drink . 
The bagels are fabulous . 
We live in New Jersey and whenever we go into New York City we buy bagels to eat hot and then to freeze ( they told me that if I call in the order , they 'd bring it out to the car so I would n't have to look for parking ) . 
They are the best bagels I 've had . 
Their whitefish salad is excellent--all whitefish with a little mayo . 
The bagels always warm , soft on the inside , crispy on the outside and enormous in size . 
They have a huge selection of different cream cheeses and all of their salads are great . 
The lox is always fresh too . 
The bagel was huge . 
They were served warm and had a soft fluffy interior . 
The workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese ( g ets a little messy ) . 
The staff is no nonsense . 
The food options rule . 
When I lived upstate for a while I would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else . 
the bagels are : big , brobdingnagian , colossal , elephantine , enormous , gargantuan , giant , gigantic , huge , humungous , jumbo , king sized , leviathan , mammoth , massive , titanic , tremendous , whopping ... best bagels in nyc . 
always fresh and delicious . 
so garantuan that you ca n't fit them in a toaster . 
my personal favorite is an everything bagel with lox spread , but all the bagles are unbeliavably good . 
I 've been to plenty of great sushi spots in manhattan ; Faan is always my favorite for sushi and chinese . 
I LOVE their spicy scallop roll , and my boyfriend consistently gets the sesame chicken . 
Their sake martini is wonderful . 
I find the service to be so friendly and very quick , and we are often greeted w on the house . 
Try their chef 's specials-- they are to die for . 
Service is not exactly five star , but thats not really a big deal . 
Downstairs lounge is always a good attraction 
But the thai is definitely not great -- bland and indistinguished . 
They do n't seem to place an emphasis on specials or fresh ingredients which to me is necessary for good thai . 
The service is not consistently excellent -- just decent . 
They need a kick out of it but until then the sushi is pretty good and the place is consistent . 
The best pad thai i've ever had . 
The design and atmosphere is just as good . 
It 's super-trendy and there 's always someone to take that empty seat , so it seems that customer service has been deemed not of the essence . 
And , atlhough tables opened up next to us and we ASKED for a slightly larger space , they left us awkardly seated . 
This place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a restaurant , the food . 
The last two times I ordered from here my food was soo spicy that I could barely eat it , and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish . 
And the Tom Kha soup was pathetic . 
If you want good authentic Thai this place is not the place to go . 
I would definitely recommend SEA if you like thai cuisine ! 
The red sliding doors may be unique but they do not block off the cold air from the outside . 
Too cold to enjoy . 
Went there and had a combination of different seafood dishes and appetizers . 
The food was spicy and delicious . 
It might have been a little too spicy for my friend , which you can couteract with eat more rice and keeping water on hand . 
The place is a little tight and on a cold day , the seating by the entranceway can be pretty drafty . 
Sure , the setting is nice . 
What I did n't like was how the food came right after it was ordered . 
This made it obvious that the food was n't cooked fresh ; it was obviously made before hand and then reheated . 
The food was not fresh , the sauces were bland and very oily . 
I LOVE their Thai noodles with shrimp and chicken and coconut juice is the MUST ! 
In summer-eat outside on a terrace ( another great feature of Suan ) ! ! ! 
They do cater to American palates , but if you like it hot let them know and they are more than willing to oblig e ! 
Try the green curry ! ! ! 
Good crowd , good outdoor seating , with a hip japanese vibe . 
Their sake list was extensive , but we were looking for Purple Haze , which was n't listed but made for us upon request ! 
The spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome , great appetizer to share ! 
We went around 9:30 on a Friday and it had died down a bit by then so the service was great ! 
Tasty sushi  appetizers ...overall the food is quality ...varied saki selection , too . 
Good , dark atmosphere and the music is a nice touch . 
My only problem is that you are literally sitting on top of the people next to you ! 
I know this is the case in many nyc eateries , but here , they really cram you in to the point where it 's borderline uncomfortable . 
If you 're craving for Haru 's great food , especially the House Roll , but ca n't stand the wait building outisde , head across the street to their Sake Bar ! 
Their sushi , Kamikaze and other Rolls are fresh and well presented . 
This place is a literal hole-in-the-wall that is buried within Doyers , right off of Pell St ( barber 's alley ) in Chinatown . 
The photobook menu was a cute touch , certainly helped my group and I pick the fried chicken , pork chop , and noodle dishes that we all ordered . 
The cuisine from what I 've gathered is authentic Taiw a nese , though its very different from what I 've been accustomed to in Taipei . 
The menu choices are similar but the taste lacked more flavor than it looked . 
The restuarant itself is not large , but seems to have several round tables to accomodate large groups hoping to save a buck to eat authentic Taiw a nese . 
Best drumsticks over rice and sour spicy soup in town ! 
Beef noodle soup is good as well . 
The cold appetizer dishes taste like the way I remember them to taste when I was growing up in Taiwan . 
By far , the best pizza in Manhattan . 
Our favorite meal is a pesto pizza , the house salad , and a good bottle of wine . 
All conveniently delivered right to the door . 
They are FAST . 
The food is great . 
Personal pans are the perfect size for those hungry nights . 
There is a downside if you 're ordering in -- the delivery guys have MAJOR attitude . 
Never have I had such dramatic delivery guys ( a lot of huffing and panting and muttering under breath b I live in a walkup ) who always seem disappointed with their tips . 
The thin crust pizza is amazing -- you can choose any toping your own . 
The service was great as well . 
Not a large place , but it 's cute and cozy . 
I started out with a Bombay beer which was big enough for two . 
For dinner I had the chicken tikka-masala and some garlic naan . 
MMmmm ... it was delicious . 
Service was slow , but the people were friendly . 
It 's a nice place to relax and have conversation . 
The selection changes frequently but the basic dishes are always available . 
Just remember not to wear your best clothes b you 'll come out smelling like Indian food ... but it 's well worth it ! 
The owner truly caters to all your needs . 
When family came in he gave them apps to test their palets , and then ordered for them . 
Everyone was more then happy with his choices . 
Ambiance is barely romantic but management tries . 
Dahkin also offers prix fixe lunch and buffet . 
Stay away from the latter since you wo n't go for seconds ( hint hint ) . 
menu has so many fish items and oysters.We 
fish was really ,really fresh .I lived in Maine for ten years and grew up on fish.We all agreed that mare is one of the best seafood restaurants in New York . 
We made early dinner reservations and were thoroughly impressed , reminds me of my grandfather , its old school Italian scenery with lots of fun stuff to admire . 
I ate clams oreganta and spectacular salad with perfectly marinated cucumbers and tomatoes with lots of shrimp and basil . 
My boyfriend ate tuna and it was cooked perfectly ! 
We sprung 7 people on them , plus a Seeing Eye Dog ! Still they accommodated us , and were friendly to boot ! 
The octopus eaters were floored by the Octopus salad . 
And the fried clams had just enough kick to them to make 'em worth eating . 
Other seafood dishes were very good ( N O COMPLAINTS FROM ANYONE! ) . Deserts were terriffic . 
Not one of our meals was edible - bland and made with weird rosemary or orange flav o ring . 
Fish was overdone . 
Someone else recommended the dessert - we also left that . 
One of us actually liked the expresso - that 's it . 
i can only vouch for my favorite dishes : egg drop soup , dumplings and general tso 's chicken . 
delicious . 
friends have sampled other choices on the menu and have found them to their taste . 
The food was just awful , ATROCIOUS actually . 
The service was typical short-order , dinner type . 
If you have a dumpling fetish i suggest you try some here ! 
The skin of the dumplings are made fresh here and you can tell b it melts in your mouth ! 
The fried rice is amazing here . 
I 've been coming here as a child and always come back for the taste . 
The dim sum servings here are a bit larger than I 'm used to . 
Several of the dim sum orders had about 6-8 pieces . 
Good , because hey , it 's more food , but bad because dim sum is supposed to be smaller portions so you can try out more dishes and smaller so that each dish is cheap . 
We saw them heating up at least one frozen item though I 'm not sure which dim sum dish it was . 
Nevertheless the food itself is pretty good . 
Until you realize that their five minutes is meaningless and your wait may be anywhere from two to twenty minutes it may be frustrating . 
All the NYU students love this place so it makes for a fun young atmosphere . 
Their exotic salad is basic ly a delcious little green salad with a peanut sauce that is perfect before their sweet basil fried tofu . 
The only concern i have is with the slighly all-business waitstaff who order and throw the food down , rushing you out . 
The place is sleek , modern and playfull and i will return again frequently . 
For appetizers , I recommend the shrimp fritters and dumplings . 
at night , but it 's hard to hear your own conversation with everyone else competing for that same luxury - the music playing in the background is also voluminous . 
And I would have to agree with the masses in terms of service - delivery is their Achilles ' heel . 
My co-workers had to wait almost an hour for delivery , only to discover that what they got was not what they ordered . 
The Pad thai , lad nar and various other dishes all look good on paper but , I 've had better thai food in less asthetically pleasing places . 
The bread is the soft paratha bread ( unlike the plain bread they use in Calcutta ) , and the stuffing is tandoori styled and very flavorful . 
This is the pinnacle of Indian Fast Food ( all fast foods in my opin i o n ) . 
For all of you new to Indian food , try the Paneer Roll , it is a piece of heaven . 
I like Mamoun 's food as well , but side by side , Kati Rolls just produce tastier food hands down . 
They are tasty , but I suggest only eating one with meat because they tend not to mesh that well with the average American digestive system . 
Kati Roll serves numerous fillings ( tandoori chicken , paneer , etc . ) wrapped in piping hot parathas . 
The parathas and kebabs are made when ordered ensuring a level of freshness that is unsurpassed . 
The main downside to the place is the nazi-like guy running it who constantly complains about the noise level . 
There is also very limited seating and there can be a substantial wait in getting food at peak times . 
This is an amazing place to try some roti rolls . 
I really recommend the very simple Unda ( Egg ) rolls . 
Delicate spices , onions , eggs and a kick-ass roti . 
An excellent service 
The secret is the lunch menu which offers a complimentary appetizer with every entree ordered . 
I had the Pad Thai and the noodles were sticky . 
We had the pot-stickers which were great and a tempura dish that was great . 
The seating was if they were trying to get the maximum amount of people into the restaurant , so be nice to your neighbor when you dine here . 
My husband said the portions were very small , but if my main course was good to eat the portion would 've been fine for me . 
I love the atmorphere @ peep ! 
The staff is very kind and well trained , they 're fast , they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks , they know details of every item in the menu and make excelent recomendations . 
My first time there I happened not to like the Crab Croquette apt that i ordered and they were happy to change it for me without making no big deal . 
And the staff is also young , energeic and hot ! ! ! ! 
THE FOOD IS CREATIVE ( W ASIAN FLARE ) AND BEAUTIFULLY ARRANGED . 
THR AT MOSHPHERE IS COMPACT , MODERN , YET COZY . 
PERFECT FOR DATES ! 
Great wine , great food . 
I do n't like Indian food too much and this was del icious , however you want to factor that into the equation . 
A glass of Leaping Lizard , a glass of prosecco , and the mussels had everything happy . 
Granted we were just the girls , but this would also be a great date spot b the ambiance is chic and bustling yet you can also hear the conversation at your own table rather than a loud din or worse , someone else 's conversation . 
If you go here - your focus should be the Tamarind Margaritas . 
The food is alright - some stuff is good - some is not ( like the steak dish which tends to be dry ) . 
And I say snacking because it really is not set up to be a proper dinner . 
Just stick with the small dishes ! 
We visited Bread Bar during January restaurant week and were so pleased with the menu selections and service . 
Especially liked chicken tikka and the naan , and the dals . 
The menu changed , portions were even smaller than before , a lentil dish was salty beyond edibility , a basmati rice dish lacked flavor . 
The noise level was unbearable , conversation impossible . 
We ordered a number of appetizers , mostly chutneys and naan , and they were all enjoyable ( the tomato chutney was amazing ) aside from one thing .....by the time we were about to finish one dish , the next would be layed out on our table . 
The chicken and steak were seasoned and cooked to perfection , and the lamb sandwhich is great for heartier appetites . 
You rarely have to wait for a seat and the currys ( masaman , green , red ) are full of flavor and come super spicy if you ask for it . 
The Pad Thai is excellent here , as well . 
While the menu is n't especially groundbreaking , everything I 've tried so far has been well-executed and tasty . 
Service has always been friendly and efficient . 
The space is a bit too small for live music , so on jazz nights , it can be loud and cramped . 
Also , the place is popular with families , so if you 're bothered by children running loose like wild animals , come later at night to avoid them . 
The food is great and authentic . 
Love the Jazz bands on Fri and Sat . 
whoever the jazz duo was , they were on POINT . 
even the wine by the glass was good . 
This is the only Thai place I go too in NYC , it 's wonderful , and live relaxed Jazz on certain nights . 
Live relaxed Jazz just tops it off ; ] Enjoy . 
like saying her bread comes from a special bakery when we have seen her buying it dowtown manhathan . 
And despite Gabriella 's claim that she uses only the finest ingredients ; the Grand Dame has been seen purchasing cases of Kraft string cheeze at Cosco . 
As for the bar , this is another bad idea . 
Where Gabriela personaly greets you and recommends you what to eat . 
The food is mostly made from scratch , fresh and well prepared . 
The bar has various selections and the mixed drink special is a catcher ! 2 for 1 's . 
Little Tonino 's is just awesome , our favorite delivery place in Kennsington , honestly the best Gnochi I have ever had ! 
It 's called Gnochi alla nona and is found under Chef Specials . 
Everyone I have spoken too there is super friendly , help ful , and willing to the extra mile for a customer . 
I finally got a chance to experience the quality of good food ,no great food that everyone should try ,after getting off at Fort Hamilton exit everyday of my life always saying i am going to try that pizzeria with the adorable kid in on the sign i am astonished at the superb and taste of just about everything i have tried so far that 's # 1 Pizza,chicken cutlet parm and my favorite chicken Marsala no one can seem to get it correctly but this place seemed to perfect its kinda surreal highly ,highly ,highly recomennded .... 
I could n't reccommend their Godmother pizza any higher . 
But they 've done a really nice job of offering all the typical pizzeria faves plus some terrific specials like the Godmother pizza ( a sort of traditional flat pizza with an olive oil-brushed crust and less tomato sauce than usua l ) . 
Obviously run by folks who know a pie . 
I work near-by , and they have the BEST oatmeal in the neighborhood - not a packaged or quick-cooked item . 
They treat me like family , morning and night . 
Ambience is so cute and quaint , good for business although we were there on vacation . 
Salads were fantastic . 
Although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great . 
Ingredients are organic which is a real plus for me . 
By far the best salad I have had in a fast food restaurant . 
fine dining restaurant quality . 
Over 100 different choices to create your own . 
Delivery service is great too . 
First off , the waitress was completely unattentive the 2 times we saw her(odd in a restaurant with 6 tables ) and got our order wrong . 
The plain pizza was soggy and the creative wild mushroom( third generation-Fornini ) pizza we had was drenched with truffle oil in the middle( again making it soggy ) and nothingon the rest . 
I love when restaurants think using fancy expensive ingrediants makes the food fine cuisine , even with no idea how to use them . 
We went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday , and I was thoroughly impressed with the food . 
The pesto pizza was excellent , thin-crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy Italian cheese that I 'd never heard of before . 
THe back garden sitting area is very pleasant , where you can see their personal herb garden . 
I come from a family of pizzeria owners , and I 'm almost ashamed to say that the pizza in Fornino 's blows my families receipies away . 
Mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and panchetta ( raddichio was kind of bitter though ) . 
My friend got the mushroom pizza which tasted better . 
The sangria was pretty tasty and good on a hot muggy day . 
Kind of a small place but I guess if they are not too busy might be able to fit a group or kids . 
Best Reuben sandwich ever ! 
I have never had cheescake like this . 
Had a fantastic omlette here ... sandwiches are about 6 inches high and filled with layers of deli meat goodness . 
The service was a bit slow , but they were very friendly . 
No refills on fountain drinks , though . 
Everything we had was good or ok ....but definitely nothing great . 
We could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu. 
Luckily we saved room for the BBQ Salmon , Sea Bass and Crispy Duck . 
We a menu that rearely changes ,e xcept for one or two specials , the quality and care they put in thier food in evident . 
The crackling calamari salad , which is usually a cheap disaster at many restaurants , is crispy and lightly dressed . 
The barebecued salmon is elegantly spiced and not at all dry . 
Only wine and beer are served , but the house varities are actually quite good . 
The food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate . 
The restaurant is dark and not very attractive and then you have spot lights shining on you putting you in the worst light possible , reaching for sunglasses . 
I ordered the crab cocktail and it was soaked in a lime juice concoction where all you could taste was the lime . 
They could n't even make a salad that was appealing . 
The waiter actually poured water on my hand and walked away . 
Great roofdeck , nice group of 30 somet hings , but no music , kind of quiet . 
Cornelia Street looks like a Broadway set for West Side Story and the inside of Po is so cool quaint you really ca n't top the setting for a romantic dinner in NYC . 
Just do n't take the seat between the bar and the back half of the restaurant , i saw a woman get nudged 40times sitting there . 
Anyway , food is great , creative , fresh as always with Battali ....yet my combo of dishes were too salty ....the waiter could n't fill my water glass enough . 
The white bean brushetta to start was incredible and the pasta was phenomenal . 
I almost think you can get away with a salad pasta ....by the time you get to the entrees you are struggling to finish , given the decent portion sizes of salads , pasta plus the bread brushetta to start . 
The food is amazing ... especially if you get the Chef 's tasting menu and your favourite bottle ( or two ! ) of wine from an extensive selection of wines . 
People dress in suits or evening gowns as well as shirts jeans . 
I recommend the meatballs and caprese salad and the beans on toast were a wonderful start to the meal ! 
The quail was fantastic and unique and the pastas were full of flavor . 
We were also seated promptly at the time of our reservation and the service was very quick and professional . 
Guacamole+shrimp appetizer was really great , we both had the filet , very good , did n't much like the frites that came with , but the filet was so good , neither of us cared . 
Big and gawky on the outside . 
The food is fresh , del icious , and reasonably priced . 
The desserts are more appealing then stuffy overpriced French restaurants . 
I have been about 4 times and have always had a great meal . 
They have a very diverse menu so its something for everybody . 
The steak is good , the fish is good and the sushi was surprisingly great . 
I 'm partial to the Gnocchi . 
Plus they made a perfect martini . 
Their tuna tartar appetizer is to die for . 
The service was the only thing good about this restaurant . 
Was n't going to share but I feel obligated ...while sitting at the sushi bar dining we watched the chef accidentally drop a piece of Unagi on the floor and upon retrieving it from the floor proceed to use the piece in the delivery order he was preparing . 
Unfortunately , so are the pieces of sashimi and sushi , sometimes ; on the other hand , it 's all delicious and fresh , and you wo n't leave stuffed . 
I 've yet to have a bad or indifferent meal here ; nothing will knock your socks off , but you 're guaranteed a good , swimmingly fresh time . 
This quaint and romantic trattoria is at the top of my Manhattan restaurant list . 
The food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare , the dishes are never a disappointment . 
Whether it 's the parmesean porcini souffle or the lamb glazed with balsamic vinegar , you will surely be transported to Northern Italy with one bite . 
First of all , this place is *not* romantic , as claimed by Citysearch 's editorial review . 
Service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category . 
For instance , plates were just dumped on the table , I was handed the wine list upside down , etc .... Somehow working the italian charm with constant mille grazie does not constitute proper service . 
To be completely fair , the only redeeming factor was the food , which was above average , but could n't make up for all the other deficiencies of Teodora . 
My host asked for appetizers for the group and the waiter gave us not only what we ordered , but some other items that were not ordered . 
Normally that would be improper , however they were all delicious and my host did not complain . 
We all ate pasta entre 'es , which were great . 
All in all the food was above average and I would return to see how they operate with four or less dinners . 
All the pastas are fantastic and the homemade lasagna is some of the best that I have had in the City . 
The all-Italian staff is warm and engaging from the start . 
Try the lasagnette appetizer . 
Too bad the food was n't of the same heritage . 
The porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless , so was the seafood tagliatelle . 
But that was n't the icing on the cake : a tiramisu that resembled nothing I have ever had . 
They should have called it mascarpone with chocolate chips-good but a far cry from what the name implies . 
love the food . 
it 's the only place you can get yummy authentic japanese comfort food . 
Very popular style Izakaya ( Sake and small portion of sake-friendly dishes ) . 
They also have Korean BBQ and very beer-friendly Korean appetizer(like Kim Chee ) . 
This place is the most Japanese it can ever get . 
Consistently good Japanese Tapas . 
I have to highly recommend the lobster roll - not to much mayo ; you can tell it was a fresh lob ster . 
Other guests enjoyed pizza , santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips . 
When you 're sitting in their main dining room ( which has a spectacular , hand-painted high ceili n g ) you 'd never know there was a world outside . 
I ca n't wait for summer , when they serve outside on their gigantic patio . 
This place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service . 
The only thing you can do here is walk in and eat . . but planning an event , especially a small , intimate one , forget about it . 
They are not helpful in the least and will give you the grand run around so by the time the event date rolls around you will not only regret chosing this place , but also become hostile ! 
Nobody at this restaurant will give firm answers about anything and in the end , not one person takes responsibility for anything . 
Terrible , terrible management - deserves to be shut-down . 
From the complimentary chef app of a delicate butternut squash ravioli in a delicious truffle sauce to an amazing buttery and tender langostine entree to a dessert that I ca n't remember because of the fabulous Cakebread Cabernet we were drinking -- the whole evening was amazing . 
Complimentary stuff kept coming , and when the waiter saw me opening a gift , I received my dessert on a plate that had Happy Birthday written on it , with a candlevery nice touch , and attentive staff . 
It 's like you are transported to the Italian countryside , very romantic and filled with antiques . 
The ceiling is amazing ! 
Scalina Fedeli reminded me why service is so integral to fine dining . 
Despite the fact that the space is large , they 've overcrowded the floor with tables . 
My mother and I had our chairs bumped over a dozen times by hasty waiters ... Our waiter was ever so helpful as he stood back and watched my sister and I physically move our table . 
As soon as my father lifted his pen from the check a chef appeared to usher us out . 
While the staff at this little bistro is very friendly , I have never experienced more incompetency . 
Besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated , we were served dishes we had n't ordered three times , received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served ( and that order was undercooked ) , and charged $ 45 more than we should have been on our bill . 
The waitress moved our table practically into the bathroom and when we asked to cancel our dinner orders because we did not want to eat sitting on the toilet , we were told no...Then , to top things off , she dropped used silverware on my boyfriend 's jacket and did not stop to apologize or clean the mess that was left on clothes . 
My wife and I always enjoy the young , not always well trained but nevertheless friendly , staff , all of whom have a story . 
Sit outside in the warm weather ; inside for cozy winter . 
Decent wine at reasonable prices . 
This place is cool enough to be in the East Village , but French enough to make you feel like you could be in a bistro in a back alley in Paris . 
Having not been home in the last 2 years may skew this reviewer a bit , but the food was tasty and spicy sans the oil that comes floating along at similar ve nues . 
The sweet lassi was excellent as was the lamb chettinad and the garlic naan but the rasamalai was forgettable . 
Stick to the gulab jamun . 
If you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo . 
It 's very spicy but not offensive . 
Over the years , it has always provided a pleasurable dining experience with quality food and wine . 
The staff has always been attentive and kind , and I 've always been amazed at how they 've handled all the various different group sizes that come in . 
All of my co-workers stated that the food was amazing and wondered why they had n't heard about this place . 
The main course had an average portion , and was decent overall . 
The bread and lamb chops I had before the meal were quite good , however . 
The beverages were excellent , and the dessert was good . 
i've been to sapphire twice and both times the food was fine , if not good . 
stick with the chicken , beef , and lamb dishes . 
i do n't usually order wine with indian so i ca n't comment on their wine list or their wines . 
skip dessert . 
The dishes offered were unique , very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages , sardines with biscuits , large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream ( the best and freshest I 've ever had ) . 
not the food ,not the ambiance , not the service , I agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out . 
Not impressed with the food . 
Zero ambiance to boot . 
With the exception of our lemon salad that had so much pepper on it that our eyes started watering , the food here was decent , not great . 
The menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 ent rees . 
We ordered the special , grilled branzino , that was so infused with bone , it was difficult to eat . 
The decor in this place is very diner-ish and the kind of place you expect in the East Village - not romantic , just simple , small and sparse . 
First , the waiter who served us neglected to fill us in on the specials , which I would have chosen had I known about them . 
When we notified him that he did n't mention the specials , he did n't apologize but let us know that we made a very good decision regardless . 
Secondly , on this night the place was overwhelmed by upper east side ladies perfume . 
they bring service up a notch by offerng complementary amuse bouche to all tables and gave us a small dessert for our celebration . 
good selection of wines ranging from affordable to high end . 
There was no ambiance . 
It was tiny and I felt like I was eating in someone 's living room . 
It is sometimes a little cramped , and can get a little warm , but hello , it 's NYC ! 
They also have a back garden open in the summer - cute and French with outdoor seating - what more could you ask for ? 
Le Pere Pinard has a $ 15 pre-theater menu that is outstanding . 
Fresh , authentic , french cuisine in substantial portions . 
Three courses - choices include excellent mussels , puff pastry goat cheese and salad with a delicious dressing , and a hanger steak au poivre that is out of this world . 
It 's easy to get a table for a large group and you do n't get hustled out . 
First went here to enjoy their garden terrace . 
The Steak Tartare is a great bet , they fix it for you at the table . 
Admittedly some nights inside the restaurant were rather warm , but the open kitchen is part of the charm . 
Great wine selection , Gigondas is worth the price , and the house champagne is a great value . 
The food was actually aweful . 
I 'm not picky - but it was actually gross . 
The mussles were the fishiest things I 've ever tasted , the seabass was bland , the goat cheese salad was missing the goat cheese , the penne w chicken had bones in it ... It was disgusting . 
Upon entering , we were greeted by the owners , Steven and Frederick , who went out of their way to be more than gracious hosts . 
Last time I went here , the waitress did n't come back after taking our order . 
We did n't get drink refills and she did n't even offer us the option of dessert . 
My steak au poivre was one of the worst I 've had . 
The steak was very fatty and the sauce was overpowering and not very tasty . 
Kind , attentive wait staff . 
I really like both the scallops and the mahi mahi ( on saffron risotto-yum ! ) . 
My friend devoured her chicken and mashed pota tos . 
Delicious crab cakes too . 
The staff is courteous and friendly . 
More important , the sushi rivals the best in Tokyo . 
The fish is fresh and each piece is sliced to perfection and seasoned by the sushi chef ( usually with a little fresh wasabi and soy sauce but also sometimes with some sea salt ) . 
Admittedly , this is not the place for gigantic pieces of fish overflowing the plate ( and thank goodness , in my opinion ) but for simple , elegant sushi there is no better place in New York or anywhere in the US. 
there 's a ton of different types of fish here , helpfully organized by group ( salmon , whitefish , tuna , yellowtail , oysters , eel , uni , etc . ) . the fish is amazingly fresh , having been flown in that same day from all over the world . 
We were treated with attitude ever since the moment we stepped into the restaurant ! 
Our first greeting when we entered was The last call is at 10:15 . 
After we got our sashimi order , I could not believe how small the portions were ! 
I would not have been so disappointed with the portions if the qualities were good enough to make up for it , but they were not ! 
My goodness , everything from the fish to the rice to the seaweed was absolutely amazing . 
We 've never had any problems with the staff but maybe we 've been lucky ? 
The first time the sushi was outstanding , the second time it was a little bland . 
location twice , and the Hell 's Kitchen location twic e . ) The spicy eggplant was DOUSED in oil , the chicken was dry , oily , and tasted like bad chicken from Chinatown . 
The Singapore Mai Fun had NO curry flavor whatsoever . 
I usually order Fried Rice , Shrimp with Sichuan Sauce , some appetizers cooked with Sichuan peppers ... Mmmm ! 
I do not recommend lunch specials just because it tasts the same with other regular chinese restaurant . 
Try ordering from the regular menu , then you would not regret ! 
We have never had any problems with charging the meal or the tip , and the food was delivered quickly , but we live only a few minutes walk from them . 
I 've had the chicken with garlic sauce , chicken with black bean sauce , and hunan chicken . 
We , there were four of us , arrived at noon - the place was empty - and the staff acted like we were imposing on them and they were very rude . 
They never brought us complimentary noodles , ignored repeated requests for sugar , and threw our dishes on the table . 
The food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny . 
After all that , they complained to me about the small tip . 
Once you step into Cosette , you 're miraculously in a small , off-the-beaten path Parisian bistro . 
This tiny restaurant is as cozy as it gets , with that certain Parisian flair . 
The food was average to above-average ; the French Onion soup filling yet not overly impressive , and the desserts not brilliant in any way . 
However , go for the ambience , and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world ! 
The appetizers are just OK and the main courses were decidedly subpar . 
Worse of all , $ 60 was erroneously added to our $ 80 bill . 
Romantic if you want it to be ( brightly lit ) . 
Bernard is a great host ; it did n't bother me a bit that he recited the entire menu to my wife . 
All the food was hot tasty . 
Cozy romantic atomosphere with only around 15 tables at most . 
Service was very prompt but slightly rushed . 
Food was very good , but not what I would consider out of this world . 
Cute and decorative . 
The food is inventive but still keeps traditional indian flav o ring . 
I recommend the garlic shrimp , okra ( bindi ) , and anything with lamb . 
The food inludes famous scrumptious bombay style chaat such as bhelpuri , sevpuri and samosa chaats , as well as other great indian appetizers . 
The place is larger than most and features adequate seating unlike most joints , and has a bar which deserves a mention . 
While most people can attest to spending over $ 50 on drinks in New York bars and hardly feeling a thing , the drinks here are plentiful and unique . 
The 'kamasutra ' and 'bombay cosmopolitan' are excellent and will have you tipsy in no time . 
Oh yes , and if you are a fan of Indian oldies film stars , there are plenty of portraits of Indian actors and actresses in classic black white that adorn the walls , some of which , I would love to know where they obtained . 
I love the b posters of famous Indian actors in the prime of Indian cinema . 
Try the tandoori salmon ! 
The palak paneer was standard , and I was not a fan of the malai kofta . 
The rice portions are gnerally small - and the vegtable of the day - you get 2 teaspoons of it ! the 3 of us were there for hours - at least 3- well after we were done eating - and no one bothered us , it was great ! 
go here for the drinks ! 
Ask for Usha , the nicest bartender in manhattan . 
My fav was the sassy lassi... 
The service is spotty , sometimes really friendly and sometimes barely there . 
Some servers make you feel like they are doing you a favor to bring you the food . 
To begin , we were told there was a 30 minute wait and started to leave , when the hostess offered to call us on our cell phone when the table was ready . 
Sure enough , exactly 30 minutes later we got the call and were seated promptly . 
The waitstaff were attentive , polite and helpful - an impressive feat in such close quarters . 
And the food was fantastic . 
From the entrees to the sides to the drinks , everything was creatively prepared yet still simple . 
The food is good , I ca n't lie . 
But the staff was so horrible to us . 
The hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out . 
We were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order . 
This place is incredibly tiny . 
They refuse to seat parties of 3 or more on weekends . 
The hostess is rude to the point of being offensive . 
The food was bland oily . 
The Dim Sum was so-so , but not spectacular . 
Ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away . 
I had to ask her three times before she finally came back with the dish Ive requested . 
Food was okay , nothing great . 
Do n't expect to sit down inside though , there are only a few tables and they are always full . 
Try the olive cream cheese or the lox spread on a whole wheat everything bagel . 
Their coffee is quite good too ! 
The Bagels have an outstanding taste with a terrific texture , both chewy yet not gummy . 
Overall , the best bagel in town . 
Their bagels are fine , but they are a little overcooked , and not really a 'special ' bagel experience . 
Good spreads , great beverage selections and bagels really tasty . 
THE BIG COMPLAINT : NO TOASTING AVAILABLE. 
Murray wo n't do it . 
Wo n't or Ca n't is not in the service directory . 
But who says Murray 's is anything about service . 
We thought that this place is using too much of MSG cooking in the foods . 
The Thai food is good . 
Its a nice quiet location to go eat a good meal , relax , be able to talk and have a very good time . 
The staff are attentive , and have smiles on their faces . 
There is a lot of variety even for people who eat vegetarian like me . 
Try green curry with vegetables . 
The quantity is also very good , you will come out satisfied . 
The service is ok , some of the people did n't get what they asked for . 
It was wonderful . the salads are del icious , both refreshing and very spicy . 
We had Pam 's special fried fish and it was amazing . 
too large for just two people but nothing was left . 
We always have a delicious meal and always leave feeling satisfied . 
The fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale . 
Quite frankly , this is some of the worst sushi I have ever tried . 
Here 's to the fake fish tanks too ... 
The menu may be small , but everything on it is delicious . 
I particularly love their yellowfun tuna and their mussel selection . 
If you love seafood , you would love this place ! 
I think I 've had some the best meals of my life at minnow . 
The seafood is amazing , there 's a good wine list , and the ever-changing menu always offers some great surprises . 
The combination of super-fresh ingredients in the dishes are unusual but really delicious . 
The staff has always been friendly without seeming grating , and the chef has greeted us on a couple of occasions . 
You get the sense that the people there care about their restaurant and about your experience and that is very nice . 
Because we did n't have a reservation , we could only sit in the back garden , but it was great , secluded and perfect in nice weather . 
But the main hit was the whole grilled fish . 
It was huge , del icious , fresh , and will be the reason we return . 
Hopefully next time , I will save room for dessert . 
Even upon delivery , their juicy pork buns are quite good . . 
.the best I 've found outside of the Chinatown masters . 
My wife and I also enjoyed the spinach , the Shanghai low mein , and other attractions . 
The crispy chicken was n't for us , though . 
They are still living in the dark ages and do not have an answering machine , so if you want to make a reservation you are limited . 
Then , IF they answer the phone , you 're lucky if they do n't hang up on you ! 
Walk-ins are risky too . 
I have eaten there 3-4 times and the food was always good . 
There is not a single place in Chinatown where you have a nice neighborhood feeling like here . 
May , the owner always has a smile on her and will warmly greet you . 
Try the spicy wontons and the salt pepper shrimps . 
Each bite of food at Kai was indeed del icious , fresh , and elegant . 
I had the black cod with yuzu sauce , which was wonderful . 
I must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small ( especially the appetizers ) , so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef 's special tasting menu , prepare to order and pay for an appetizer ( 1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing ) , a main entree , and the cold udon at the end of the meal . 
If you are someone who appreciates simplicity , elegance , and wonderfully presented and tasting seafood and vegetables regardless of portion size , Kai is your place . 
If you are someone who appreciates the same things but hope to have food to spare or share , Kai may not be the best option . 
The ambience is very calm and quiet . 
Not too crazy about their sake martini . 
Most people eat there seem to be typical Upper East Side snobs , so be aware . 
Again , the waitress was awesome . 
She gets 10 for her excellent service and advice . 
The food was not very tasty , the portioins were tiny even for such a high quality restaurant . 
All the staff is absolutely professiona l ! ! I sometimes see the waiters do n't have enough knowledge of their dishes . 
There 's nice and quiet , small but enough for 6 ( or more ) . 
Food is great . 
Service is top notch . 
I must say the view of NYC is so beautiful ! 
Our last time there a few weeks ago was early at 5pm and it was very crowded and noisy . 
The food is very good too but for the most part , it 's just regular food , nothing special . 
The staff offers impeccable service . 
I had Lobster Bisque it has 2 oz . of Maine Lobster in it . 
My boyfriend had the New England Chowder it was good but I think the award should go to the Lobster Bisque . 
I had Filet Mignon with garlic mash . 
It was divine melts in your mouth . 
My boyfriend had Prime Rib it was good .We did n't want a bottle of bubbly on a weekday so we each got little bottles of Korbett it was just enough . 
We had Lava Cake ... we ordered when our food came it takes at least a 1 to make it . 
The lava cake dessert was incredible and I recommend it . 
Although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat . 
The only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent . 
He offers subpar service and has no personality . 
In fact , it appears he is going to go postal at any moment . 
There is no excuse for such lousy servic e ! 
The food at this place is 'gourmet ' Indian cuisine . 
Its not curry in a slurry crap , and regular run of the mill food . 
The food is excellent and I have found this location at 104 2nd Avenue to be the most consistent with its food and short menu. 
The best dishes are the 'paneer bhurji' , the ' Baluchi Shrimp Curry ' and ' Chicken Makhani ' . 
The manager had an uncanny knack of getting the most rare and eclectic music comprising of indian to add to the ambience . 
However , in the summer of 2003 , it seems the management has changed and the great big door has been replaced for a glass front ridding itself of the dark romantic getup . 
the food was undercooked-the sauce watery , and the vegetables raw . 
During the course of the past 3 months , the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better . 
I wish they would change back to what it was before . 
The food now is inconsistent . 
not only does make the best pizza in NY , maybe anywhere . 
consistantly great thin crisp crust , inventive topping combinations and the smokiness from what is believed to be one New Yorks oldest wood burning ovens ......like in Naples only wood is used for Pizza ! as for the rest of the menu , this is much more than a pizza place ...offering such creative dishes like prosciutto sushi .....brooklyn caviar and brick oven shrimp . the salads are huge and well made and the pasta 's are not the normanl red sauced slop you recieve at other pizza houses . 
- the bread at the beginning is super tasty and makes you want more - the pizza is delicious and comes in personal sizes , however be warned that the Peter 's Favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula is actually a margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top , like a salad . 
It was good , but was not what I thought it would be . 
- overall , if you are openminded , I recommend it . the tomato sauce on the pizza is a bit sweet and adds a unique touch . 
The pizza is the best if you like thin crusted pizza . 
Plenty of choices to make your own creation . 
The rest of the menu is limited by everything is good eats . 
Kenny the owner is always there and he treats my family like we are part of his family . 
The jukebox plays everything from Italian Opera to The Strokes . 
The food is amazing , rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza . 
Even the pasta is delicious here ( a rarity in New York pizza restaurants ) . 
Order the panang duck , it 's fantastic . 
In fact , two people could really share one plate . 
The flavors are great , and the menu is extensive . 
Plus , on Wednesday nights the house wine is unlimited ! 
they live up to the thai way of living . 
i recommend the thai popcorn : ) 
Everything we had was pretty good , but we have only been there once . 
Downtown Dinner 2002 - Prixe fix : Appetizers were ok , waiter gave me poor suggestion ..try the potato stuff kanish best one . 
Small servings for main entree , i had salmon ( wasnt impressed ) girlfriend had chicken , it was good . 
Dessert is a joke ...dont bother 
it 's a perfect place to have a amanzing indian food . 
I really loved the different and inovated touch that 's the cheff gives to the food . 
You must try the shrimp appetizers . 
Even my Indian friend could n't believe how good and tasty everything was . 
I cannot imagine a friendlier staff working in a restaurant . 
I cannot imagine better Indian food in all of the city . 
Meat dishes now adorn the selections , although there 's still a large number of vegetarian-friendly choices . 
Southern Indian cuisine is still there , too . 
While this is n't classical restaurant fare , the chef has given new life to an old cuisine with some really innovative and tasty dishes that are genuinely Indian without being heavy or same old restaurant burn-outs . 
Probably much busier for lunch , it 's seldom crowded for dinner ( too close to downtown ) . 
We had the lobster sandwich and it was FANTASTIC . 
My husband said he could 've eaten several more , the portion was fine for me he even exclaimed that the french fries were the best he has had . 
We had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful . 
Oh , and the complimentary pudding dessert was just enough- yummy ! 
The menu is limited but almost all of the dishes are excellent . 
The lobster sandwich is good and the spaghetti with Scallops and Shrimp is great . 
we came here on a crowded saturday night and were seated right away despite being 15 minutes late for our reservation . 
service was efficient courteous . 
two of us got the lobster roll ( $ 24 ) while the other two opted for the codfish ( w pea risotto in a carrot reduction ) ( $ 21 ) . the bread on the roll was soft and buttery . the lobster salad was fresh-tasting , but they couldve been a little more generous with the meat . the bay fries were well-seasoned and came with vinegar for dipping ( ketchup available ) . the codfish was decent and fresh ( the reduction was especially interesting ) , but i found the white flesh slightly bland , though the skin was seasoned to perfection . 
in an effort to increase turnover , the restaurant offers no desserts beyond the complimentary espresso cup filled with chocolate mousse . 
We started with lox and mussels ( the best ive ever had , ever ) and had the cod and trout for dinner . 
The staff was knowledgeable and full of personality . 
The best Chicken pad tai , I 've ever had . 
And forget what you read under me , the atmosphere is n't that bad either . 
Both times we waited well over a half hour for a table ( even though we had reservations ) . 
It is LOUD , HOT and DARK. 
You can barely see who you are with never mind have a conversation . 
It takes forever to get a drink and they almost always forget to bring something ( although they dont forget to charge you for it . 
Joya used to be a cool spot with decent food and a colorful - if not relaxed - atmosphere . 
Now it 's so crowded and loud you ca n't even talk to the person next to you . 
And everytime I go there 's a bunch of drunk idiots making a scene out front . 
The waiters and owners were nonchalant about this and promised to call the exterminator but were n't as dismayed or apologetic as I would have expected . 
The food is authentic Italian - delicious ! 
Pizza is terrific , as is homemade pasta . 
Pizza was a little soggy . 
Not enough wines by the glass either . 
When he 's not making authentic Neapolitan pizza in the open brick oven or lightly frying zucchini blossoms , he 's visiting the regulars ( a growing legion ) and checking on newcomers . 
For years , I thought Tuscan cuisine was the best , but Salvatore converted me to the hearty Neapolitan fare on my first visit . 
His wife Tan ya , the hostess , completes the comforting atmosphere by being delightfully warm and gracious . 
A gentleman , maybe the manager , came to our table , and without so much as a smile or greeting asked for our order . 
I recommend their Pad See Ew , Pork Chops or Tofu plates . 
There is actually space to breathe and the decor sets the tone for an intimate dinner . 
The staff is very attentive and we can almost always get a table . 
The food is nothing like its menu description . 
The curry chicken I ordered was way too oily and bland ; I hardly tasted any curry or coconut , which they said it contained . 
It 's like they took leftover chicken , poured oil and sprinkled pepper powder over it ( the sauce was translucent and red ) . 
My friend 's food was also the complete opposite of what it 's supposed to taste like ( aND look like ) . 
Food is average , and I would say even the chain restaurant Baluchi 's tastes better . 
The ambience is very romantic and definitely a good place to bring a date . 
BE CAREFUL before you request extra spice . 
we did notice however , that some tables had what looked like pita instead of naan . 
at taj , vegetarians can rejoice-all the dishes are manna from heaven . 
carnivores too , can sample succulent tikka masala and all the tandoori dishes ...yummy ! 
I got an excellent piece of cheesecake and we had several other nice pastries . 
My son and his girlfriend both wanted cheeseburgers and they were hug e ! 
But , they were too big for the bun . 
I had a huge pastrami sandwich on a roll . 
people are rude bit again it 's new york ! 
great food , lt 's of it , more then one person can eat ! 
The pizza was delivered cold and the cheese was n't even fully melted ! 
It looked like shredded cheese partly done - still in strips . 
The pizza was really good . 
So , a little inconsistency there but either way , both pizzas were really good . 
The food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes . 
It 's just O. K. pizza . 
This place has many different styles of pizza and they are all amazing . 
When you enter , you feel like you have entered your mom 's kitchen . 
The service was superb , they treat you like family . 
We figured we never had Argentinian Pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there , sharing a large Pelligrino , a pizza of two of their specials , one was goat cheese the other blue cheese , and both were excellent . 
We also had shared a house salad that was fresh . 
Always a nice crowd , but never loud . 
We were seated and ignored by waits taff . 
Bartender was unable to tear himself away from friends at bar . 
When he finally did , he was unable to make a gin and tonic -- could n't find tonic . 
I found the food to be outstanding , particulary the salmon dish I had . 
I also ordered the Change Mojito , which was out of this world . 
My friends settled for rice dishes , but we came back the following day to try the dim sum , which was good ...not outstanding , but good . 
We ate out in the back patio , which is worth it as it 's cool and the music is hear well there . 
Chance is a small cozy restaurant , with a romantic feel to it , the decor is great . 
Yes you have to wait to be seated and because its small there is no waiting area and the seat at the bar was all taken . 
I had the mango chicken and i ca n't go on to tell you how delicious that was and the presentation was beatiful . 
The staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check . 
The wine is always good , the tapas are always yummy , especially with the warm pita bread . 
The wine and cheese plate are plentiful and ca n't wait to try the fondue or table grilling . 
I almost hesititate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and I would hate for it too become to crowded . 
The wait staff is very freindly , they make it feel like you 're eating in a freindly little european town . 
They forgot a sandwich , did n't include plastic forks , and did n't include pita with the hummus platter . 
It is far more popular as a bar than as a restaurant , with only a few tables and the waiter being the bartender , but we greatly enjoyed the unobtrusive atmosphere . 
I love the tongue sandwiches , grilled hotdogs potato latkes w apple sauce . 
But do n't ever order bacon late at nite ( either platter or in sandwiches , for that matter do n't from any take out place ) as it is from the morning frying turns out hard almost like bacos , hurt my molars . 
otherwise , good stuff for late nite eats . 
black white shakes came out good also . 
The corned beef and pastrami are excellent , much less fatty than those big tourist places around Times Square . 
The menu has lots of options : I hope to go back to try those potato pancakes . 
Late nite omelletes are not good here , there is no variety ! 
They came out over cooked and the cheese was almost non existant . 
They used shredded cheese on top ! 
Best Pastrami I ever had and great portion without being ridiculous . 
My wife had the fried shrimp which are huge and loved it . 
